# Notes

## Purpose

> A great pilot introduces its characters, their strengths & struggles. For the major ones setup a hook arc for them that you will want to find out more.



> Vio admires the butterfly killer for her craft and style. Both has a flourish to the way they kill that is extra.
>
> Zaki place his victims in situations that makes them confront their fears.
>
> Vio feels like she can relate to the butterfly killer because he trying to say something with his assignments.
>
> Both having been alone for many years, communicate best through their craft. Vio can sense that the BK is trying to say something through the way she kills.
>
> **Vio is motivated to find the BK because she wants to find out what it is that makes her feel so connected to this person whom she never met.**

## Titles

A Night Treader's Contract

## Issues to tackle

- [ ] What is the butterfly collector's kill pattern? How do we scatter hints throughout this chapter to come to Vio's realization in Act 3?
- [ ] Really hit home on how Vio has created the imaginary BC to project her need for someone to share her misery with.
- [ ] *Maybe 1:* have Vio be a solo contractor for this chapter and have Zaki bring her into his org where she meets Helga and Rein. This whole story can be about how Vio felt so along and endding up with a found family and people who understand and accept her.
- [ ] Really illustrate Vio's loneliness. Show how much she needs an imaginary friend. Show how difficult the world will be for her otherwise.

### Footnotes

[^101]: Make this response more of an in word curse

[^102]: convo below too vague. Have them talk about how they both secretly take pleasure in watching their marks whimper.

[^104]: Zaki's nickname of Vio

[^105]: In world curse word

[^106]: One of the BC's signatures is she likes to watch her victims in their last moments, so Vio knew he'll return to the brothel.

[^107]: Is this too obvious? how did Vio miss it? Make it clear that she was distracted by being angry at the boy.

[^108]: Vio is sure it's the butterfly collector because she houses butterflies in her lab. Vio is sure of this. And since the poison couldn't have been made to

[^109]: Mention something in about her signature that Vio uses to connect the dots in her ah-ha moment.

[^110]: What if Vio seems to think Zaki dying will bring back BC

[^111]: Make it clear that the BC has killed several people she was hired to protect. It has hurt her reputation, and she's been getting less work because of it. She wants to send Sicili to the music school.

[^112]: Mention Sicili's dream of going to music school. Or she can want to be a ballerina.

[^113]: dream sequence of BC telling Vio that if she kills Zaki, she can stay with her forever? In which she refuses, because that will be a selfish kill. But later she will kill to protect Lessa.

[^114]: This is the first time she is being snarky. Make sure to show she's only snarky with people she is close with. Like with Sicili.

[^115]: Do they even have a concept of hell in this world? How else can we communicate the idea of a bad place for the doomed.

# Teaser

`slam! door falls down`

`Vio standing at the entrance, wearing a butterfly shaped Venetican mask. Eyes in fugue state.`

`Everyone's head turns to her. Vio slashes her way down the table.`

Head: `wide eyed` Is what they say about you true?

Vio: You're about to find out.

Head: Please, spare my.

Vio: Now my clients won't be getting what they paid for if they did.

Head: `whimpers` No! not my!

Vio: Here's to your last day of fucking! `brings her blade down`

`show him with neck slicked and crouch bleeding`

`from the cupboard, a sob`

Boy: Please, I have a little sister. I'm the only one who can support her.

Vio:  `She brings her blade to his neck leaves the room with her cloak blown by the vents`

# Act 1

## Vio walks home

`The streets of Ixan are light by gaslight. Only other person out is a boy in shorts walking home with a violin case.`

> Don't show BC actually walking

BC: You risk getting caught by letting him go.

Vio: But I can't orphan his sister.

BC: Does he even have a sister?

Vio: `pauses` maybe not. I never know if someone is lying.

BC: Because you always assume the best intentions

Vio: Because I can't visualize what someone's intentions may be. Not without you `reachs out of her hand`

BC: Intentions can't always be mapped out like the patterns you find.

Vio: I know, that's why they are hard to understand.

BC: Well, if you were in his place. What would you do?

Vio: `pauses` I'd think she'll kill me too."

BC: How do you think he'll feel?

Vio: If tonight might be my last night, I might as well try my best to make it not so.

BC: Right

Vio: I'll try to slash my way out, what's the worst that can happen! Death is but return to our planet. The Mother reassumes us in her womb, to give birth once again.

BC: No. You are think back in your own mind again. What would he think?  Consider him, if he didn't have a weapon nor your fighting skills.

Vio: I'll try to use whatever means to survive. Maybe... even pled. Shameful it may be.

BC: You can't use your morals to how likely someone is going to act in a certain way. Because they don't have your morals. 

Vio: Right, I always forget that. It's just so hard, you know? How do other people do it? Why is it so easy for them to know how others think and feel? Every time I try, it's such a black box. I don't know where to start to reason about...

BC: At the end of the day, most creatures just want to make it until the next sunrise.

Vio: That's bleak, when the reason to live is just to live.

BC: I'll like to think some of us has ideals to live for. We prescribe purpose to the dark path we tread descend upon.

Vio: You're the only other person who belives that.

BC: Do I? You've never even meet me.

Vio: Yet, I feel like I know you. I can feel your essence, through your crimes, it's the same as mine.

BC: `leans in close as almost of a kiss` One day, if we meet, I'll break your heart.

Vio: `closes the gap` break me!

- [ ] *Maybe 1:* Cut to Lessa & Zaki. And Lessa comes into the apartment saying her client was poisoned. Zooms out to Zaki, with Vio alone in the background to as a silhouette.

`they had arrived at Vio's flat`

Vio: Thanks for walking me home.

BC: Have I really walked? `lifts her chin up`

` and we see her street is empty, Vio walks up the stairs`

Vio: *I have conversations with people in my head. Run possible scenarios and what they would say. It helps me makes sense of our strange world.*

## Intro Sicili

>  Bits of this scene is in storyboarder already

`Sicili's back is turned, we see her curls. It's a small flat, with everything in one room, parts sectioned off with curtains. There is one window in the entire apartment. By the window is a pot of basil in a cup-noodle.`

Sicili: `turns around` Vio! `looks down at her sister's clothes in dismay` Throw that in with the rest of your clothes to soak.

Vio: `holds up a penny romance serial` I picked up this for you. `Vio goes to change.`

Sicili: Oh! Did Prince Alec find out Swallow-tail is not his sister yet?!

`We see Vio's bare back with the tattoo`

- [ ] Be more concrete. Really show that Vio is into trashy romance serials as much as Sicili is.
- [ ] This may be the only funny scene in this chapter, really have fun with it.[^112]
- [ ] Show how comfortable they are with each other. Have them be dorks with eachother.[^114]

Vio: Isn't his torment the reason you read this series? Why release the tension so soon?

`Sicili eats her breakfast, face buried in the book. The radio is playing.`

Radio: This morning mobsters were found dead in east bank inn. Some of them brutalized. The whole room painted in blood.

`Vio comes back out in white khaki. Sicili raises an eyebrow.`

Radio:  We wonder is the city's castrating killer at it again.

Vio: `scratches her head innocently` 

Sicili: You ought to be more discrete. We can't draw too much attention to ourselves. Remember we are here illegally.

Vio: Does it matter how they die?

Sicili: It does if it's usually violent. Homicides are rare in Galei, even rarer if it's this bloodly. Why not try poison?

Vio: Poisons are for ladies...

## Zaki poses as Lessa's client

- [ ] Write a first person POV of Zaki's experience in this scene
> I...

- [x] Compare & contrast Zaki and BC. What has Vio got right about BC and what has she got wrong.
> Vio was right about the butterfly collector being:
>
> - poetic
> - being quick witted
>
> But she didn't anticipating him being:
>
> - easily flustered by someone like Lessa
>
> - knowing a bit of hand of hand combat

`A man drops dead in a lush room. Behind him is a silloutte of Zaki, holding a needle. The only thing that sticks out is the siringe and Zaki's transitional glasses.` 

Zaki: Don't worry your consciousness will race your blood to leave your body. `lowering down to touch the dead man's face` May your flesh return to the planet and nourish her body. `closes his eyelids` May your mind become one with her wisdom. `hides him behind the coach. And sprays the room with a mist, and takes a sniff of the room` Good.

`Zaki walks over to a orchid, touches flower from the room. He reaches his finger towards a flower, bringing back nectar.`

Zaki: I wonder, `licks his moist fingers, that are thin and long.` What sweet nectars lay in the there after.

`Lessa's silloutte appears behind the sheer veil. Startled Zaki jumps when she walks in, cracking a whip`

Lessa: Madame says you like the sting.

Zaki: `mouth hangs open` I uh..

Lessa: Sit down `pushes him to the coach. Coughs` 

`Zaki obeys legs spread wide open. Lessa disrobes her kimono and saddles him. Running a long nail along his cheek.`

Lessa: Now tell me more about the things you like.

Zaki: `sucks in a breathe. Contemplates and gathers his thoughts and changes into a formed expression then whispers in his best seducive voice` I'd love to hear secrets. `brings her head down towards him, and whispers in her ears` Why don't you tell me some.

Lessa: `grins mischiefly` I like to take things that aren't mine. `trails her finger down to grab him`

Zaki: Sorry to disappoint, but my heart is unclaimed. 

Lessa: `widens then narrows her eyes, she starts to suspect something because she is pretty sure her client is married` Oh I thought madam...

Zaki: She must have gotten her clients' files mix up. Now, why don't *you*, tell me about those you have taken.

Lessa: `draws a sharp hair pin` No, why don't you tell me who sent you. Madam never mixes people up.

Zaki: `smirks, fingers drawing a needled tucked under his sleeves`

Lessa: No normal client should ask of others. `she digs her pun deeper drawing a prickle of blood` Who are you, *boy*!

Zaki: `about to jam the neddle in Lessa's thigh`

Lessa: `pins down his wrist with her other hand and jumps back grabbing her whip`

`they trade blows. Just as Lessa is about to stab him with ther pin...`

Zaki : `jumps out the window. Street signs say Lorraine Lane, but this does not get mentioned anywhere else in the chapter.`

Lessa: `about to follow him when she notices a deadman behind the coach. His gentials removed and pool of blood`

> *Maybe 1:* Zooms out, with Vio in the foreground. Zaki in the background as a sihloutte. 

## Vio goes to org

`Vio enters a clothing store, she chooses a blouse and brings it to the 3rd changing room. Pressing both hands into the mirror and stares intently at herself, in a few seconds she feels the mirror starts to slide. She steps back and the mirror continues to slide revealing an elevator. Ace steps in the into it and closes the gates. Shifting a lever the lift moves, this part of her commute has always makes her nervous so she counts. 1... 2...3...4... taking in a deep breathe she continues to count the levels as the elevator descents deep and deeper. She could see each level through the gates. They were all circular rooms, with the elevator shalf in the center, One was a training room, the other looked like a series of pop-up clinics, another was an armor. Each was lit with a different color lighting. As blue changed to violet, 7! She marked in her mind, she shifts the lever to a perpendicular angle and the elevator box stops. The door opens out into a locker room.`

`Helga is changing while other girls in the room are whispering about her`

<u>Start of cut if <i>Maybe 1</i></u>


```
Girl 2: Does she really think she's one of us?!

Girl 1: She doesn't belong here.

Helga `looks down and quickly puts on her bra.`

Vio: Just ignore them. They only say these things to scare you. If you show them it affects you not, they'll stop.

Helga:  I know. But it's hard to not feel. `smiles`

Vio: We are paid to not feel very much... especially around what we do.

Helga: That was in the night treader's contract?

Vio: No, but it's the only way for us to survive.

Girl 3: `walks up to them`

Vio: We don't want to hear whatever you have to say about Helga's womanhood.

Girl 3: No, your cousin is here.
```

`Lessa shows up at the entry way little bruised up`

Vio: Oh my. Does madam know?

Lessa: Yes, she is filing a report with Jacques now.

Vio: If being beat up is part of the job, you might as well join our team. At least we are allowed to hit back.

Lessa: No, it wasn't a client.
Or at least he wasn't my actual client. My actual client is dead.

Helga: What?![^101]


Lessa: He found with his genitals cut off `raises her eyebrows at Vio`

Vio: You knew I had an assignment on the east side last night.

Rein: We'll actually he died of blood lost.

`everyone turns to Rein, What is he doing in the girls locker room. Not that any of the girls minded`

Vio: And what was found in his blood?

Helga: `rolls eyes` There she goes with her apothocarey theory!

## Vio geeks about the butterfly collector

`The three of them stand in front of a board with lots of graphs and murder threads`

Vio: `enthusiasically explains` Over the past seven years, there has been approximately 1987 cases of death by poison. Which is a 400% increase in all of Ixan's history.[^111]

Helga: You can't really prove that!

Vio: No, because whoever is this poisoner is decided to cover her tracks very well.

> Through this show that BC is who Vio imagines making these potions to kill people

Vio: Over the past seven years the use of cyanide poisoning has dropped drastically. `shows chart` Did people stop using poison? No. It's a fairly easy way to kill someone, and Galei becoming more chaotic as public services and institutions go private, you'll think there's higher demain for toxic chemicals.

The usage of toxins have not decreased, but whoever has taken over the market thrown investigation on off the deep end. You may have also noticed an increase in strange deaths over the past few years. 

Corpses found in rather perculiar situations? `show silloutte of man hanging from tower` For example last month a man was found on top the the construction crane in that new cathedral. When his friends and family were questioned they all mentioned he had a deadly fear of heights. The pathology reports say say he died of cardiac arrest. Was it from fright? Or something else.

Lessa: What if he's just a sadistic bastard?

Vio: *She* might be, but there's something more. She's trying to say something. She has a reason, I feel like I can understand it, even I don't know what it is. She's not just a killer, she's a killer with style. She's an artist. Rein, whats the substance found in Lessa's client blood?

Rein: _, it's a hemoglobin thinner, a rare chemical found only in the body of a Kuvarinni butterfly.

Vio: Exactly! After cutting him off, she made she he'll bleed to death. That's what the butterfly apothecary frequently does to throw off investigation. There is no other species with the variety of deadly chemicals in their bodies as lepidoptera. And she uses them to throw of pathologist.[^109] But a few blood samples from those investigation have reported finding strange substances in their bodies, but since a decisive cause of death has already been established no one bother ask why are those substances there in the first place. But really, why?!

Rein: `Pulls up a picture of the Kuravrinni butterfly` But it seems the Kurvarinni butterfly seems to be only found in the Atonian peninsula.

Vio: Interesting... because once the fluid leaves the butterfly's body it solidifies and no longer becomes effective after 3 days. And it's at least a week's travel between this city and even the northern border of Atonia.[^108]

Helga: So whoever made the poison must have made it here.

Lessa: Wait, I've seen that butterfly before!

Vio: You mean when we were young? They come to our estate in the spring all the time.

Lessa: No, I mean here! The botanical garden houses butterflies from all over the world.

# Act 2

## At botanic garden

`45 aerial view of the bridges and river, one of the bridges is wide, with levels and green houses and plants instead of vehicles, the sun is starting to set in the background.`

`Vio turns around in the garden. Show all the people and plants overwhelming her.` 

BC: It is beautiful here  `leaning down` Nice place for a date `Runs his hands down the stem of a rose. Of course there is no blood`

Vio: As if I'll ever have the chance

`Zaki looks up at them from his painting briefly, puts on his sun glasses with other people a walking around them.` (other people around too)

BC: `gets closer to her and says softly` we're here now... `brings jer face up to Vio's` and the sun is about to set.

Vio: `closes her eyes` we're on a mission`Vio holds her nose, trying to focus on her surroundings`. Is this a place you come often?

BC: Hm... why would I come here?

Vio: To see the butterflies. You do love them don't you? Or you just use them?

BC: `winks` which would you prefer?

Vio: I'd like to believe you share a reverence towards them. But if you love them such, why would you use them. 

BC: Why do you kill? I'm just a night treader like you.

Vio: `smile` We walk the dark path, so other may see dawn.

`They walk into the butterfly exhibit`

BC: What an odd time to be wearing shades. `motions to Zaki`

Vio: Maybe he's blind... then I guess he won't be painting.

BC: `nudges her forward` Talk to him

Vio: About what?

BC: `shrugs` Start with complementing his painting. Artists open up if you love their work... they think you see into a piece of their soul...

Vio: What if it's ugly. I don't tell convincing lies.

BC: `leans into her ears` you lie to yourself all the time

`Vio turns to the painting, grasp in a heavy breathe`

Vio: That's *anything but ugly*

`It is a watercolor with flowers and bufferlies including X butterfly. While in in awed by the painting, BC scares Vio to lurch forward making her knock into Zaki, and a bottle of ink flies over and spills on Vio`

`Zaki turns around`

## Meet cute

`The sun has started to set, and falls just a little below the horizon.`

> A few panels of wordless expressions


Zaki: Oh no! I'm sorry.

Vio: Well, it's just ink. I'm used to getting blood on my work clothes.

Zaki: Uh...

Vio: `realizes she revealed something weird`

Zaki: you're a nurse?

Vio: What? Me? Impossible. I uhh... `pauses nervous` I .... I `then suddenly remember what BC said` I like your painting!

Zaki: Thanks! What do you like about it?

Vio: Those green and purple butterflies `points furiously`

Zaki: The Kuvarinni butterflies are quiet the beauty. Did you know after mating the male gives all his body's toxins to his mate? Next time a predator approaches him, he's food.

Vio: Wow! Now that's faith.

Zaki: `smilies` Are you a believer?

Vio: Ha! Believe in what

Zaki: The late prophet's revolution?

Vio: If her words are true, why does her sun feel the need to fight for them? Why does he need to rip apart homes, or people from theirs?

Zaki: I see, you were a dislocated child of the crusade.

Vio: And you are too?

Zaki: Not really, I was born and raised here. My parents left their homeland when the high priest had came, it was long before I was born. They gave up so much just to assure I'd grow up safe. They used to say "Love is

Both: sacrifice."

Vio: Just like the male Kuvarinni, I guess. Can't he produce more toxin?

Zaki: The toxins in their bodies are from the seeds they ate as caterpillars. The amount of toxin he had before morphing is all he will ever have.

Vio: Then extracting toxins from them, are we....?

Zaki: `nods` hurt their chances of survivial.

Vio: My people used Kuvarinni poison all the time, I didn't know it would...

Zaki: You should take toxins from the pregnant butterflies. Since a female can mate and receive toxins multiple times in her life. It is a more sustainable to get them from her. But they must be careful, a pregnant butterfly is aggressive, one prick from her is lethal.

`Hold his finger up to a butterfly to a  land on`

Vio: You've got sweet fingers, for them to land on you like that.

Zaki: Haha, I like to keep them juicy. `wink`

Vio: `blinks` ummm *was that a joke I was suppose to understand? Why do people make jokes based on common knowledge. Why is it even assumed common knowledge!*

Zaki: `nods, started packing to leave.` Well, I need to get going. Thank you listening to be ramble.

Vio: My friends put up with my rambling too. Nice to know I'm not the only one.

Zaki: I'll like to learn what gets you excited. You're never alone as you think, _[^104].

BC: What a charmer.

`Vio catches him stealing a butterfly from the garden.`

Vio: He knows too much about that butterfly.

BC: He's an artist, I'm sure he just appreciates their vibrant colors.

Vio: It's more than that. He also knows which butterflies to extract toxins from, so it doesn't kill them. Why would an artist know that?

BC: So you think he's me?

Vio: Of course not!

BC: Why not?

Vio: *because I'm not ready to lose you yet*

## Vio tails Zaki

`Zaki walks through the east Ixan, with Vio's silloutte following`

> Most of this scene will be silent, we want to focus on showing the world of east Ixan and a day in the life of Zaki

`Zaki goes get dinner. During it someone sit down in his table, it was the boy Vio had let go.`

Vio: `upset to see him again and working with the supposed enemy`

Zaki: `pushes a half dozen vials towards him`

Boy: `takes out a iridescent vial and examples it` Top quality as always. `smirks` You heard of the products out in the market these days? Extracting toxins from the cacoons, those farms?

Zaki: Yes. But I treat my providers with utmost care.

Boy: I know, that's what makes you the best in town.

`The waiter delivers Vio coffee, she drinks it without realizing there's grinds under it`

Zaki: How is ole Rossi fairing?

Boy: I'm laying low from the family. But if this `taps the vial` does the job, then I won't have to fear them anymore.
I almost got sliced last night. But luckily the rumor about the castrating assassin is true, she's got a soft spot for siblings.

Zaki: We'll I guess I'll have to invent a brother if I ever cross blades with her.

Boy: `chuckles` that's what I did!!

Vio: `angry almost blows her cover`

`the two look in her direction then back`

Boy: Nevermind that fool. How are the experiments going?

Zaki: I almost have a working solution.

Boy: Neat. By the way, did you find out the information we needed last night?

Zaki: No, that whore realized I was fishing.

Boy: And you took care of her, right?

Zaki: No, surprisingly she also knew her way around the knife.

Boy: `raises his eyebrows` Well then you have the perfect place to test our your solution. Would you like one of my contacts in courier district?[^107]

## Parcel District

`Zaki walks through the parcel district, it's on the riverside near the docks.`

Narration: A little more than a year ago, Galei's postal service lost funding. In its collapsed private couriers sprung up. `city post office dark and with graffiti and trash`

`body guards outside many small shops`

Narration: Competition is fierce, and soon turned brutal. Each business tried to sabotage each other, ruin their competitors reputation. Whoever knew mail deliver can be such a dangerous endeavor.

`Zaki enters a small stall. It's yellow and blue. Vio stops outside observing him. She couldn't make out what he's saying. So the dialog comes out as blurry words. She does make out bits of the address, because the clerk repeats it back to Zaki. And also something about the impact radius.`

`The clerk ask Zaki something that makes him look around`

`Vio turns to a flyer when he turns in he direction. She picks it up`

Bodyguard: `comes up to Vio`. You're tiny, but it looks like you can pack some blows. `touches her arm`

Vio: `jumps away` Don't touch me, I'm not looking for a job.

Bodyguard: We pay in cash. Our chief is available *now* if you want to come in for an interview. `leans in`

Vio: Now is not `draws a knife`

Bodyguard: quick too, we could really use someone like you.

Zaki: `pushes the body guard back` The lady said she's not interested.

`Vio looks up Zaki. They both have a split panel.` 

`Zaki at the top corner looks down with a smirk.`

Vio: `looking up, wide eyed` ~~Damn.~~[^105]

## First fight

`Vio & Zaki walking out into the docks`

Vio: *So he's a trader in butterfly venom. No wonder he new so much. But is the connect to the Butterfly Collector?*

`Finally stopping near a ship`

Zaki: If you wanted to get to know me better, I could give you my number.

Vio: I don't make phone calls.
You just gave something to one of Rossi' lackeys. Who are you contracted to?

Zaki: Night Treader's Contract, clause 1, never reveal your clients.

Vio: `kicks forward` I know the rules.

Zaki: `ducks but trips` I see, you are one too.

Vio: Why do you know so much about butterfly venom?  `strikes again` Do you work for her, *the butterfly collector*?

`She slices, but only hits a few strands of his hair`

Zaki: Clause 44, one question at a time. `perries and strikes at Vio` Oh you think I work for her, Well this may delight you. `throws something sharp he found at the ground at Vio`

Vio: `Vio dodges` What was that?  `but a piece of her clothing gets sliced and the tattoo is revealed`

`Zaki oogles her, we think he is just being pervy`

Vio: What are you starring at?!

`Vio pins him down at the right opporunity`

Zaki: That was a relaxer. `raises eyebrows` You seem tense. Do you fear losing control.

Vio: `holding him still with her knife trailing to rip his sweater` You don't want to find out.

Zaki: Of course I do. It's my style to find out what my marks fear before striking.

Vio: `wide eye` No!

Zaki: Oh yes, I *am* the butterfly collector. `smirks`

Vio: Shakes her head, no. She's a killer with a code. You're just a lying thieving dirty rat with no principles.

`As Vio is panicking, Zaki flips them over`

Zaki: Had a fantasy all built up about me have you?
`injects Vio with a small dose of sleep draught. Whispers` Sorry I didn't come true. May you say goodbye to her one last time.

Vio: `drifts out of consciousness`

Zaki: `runs a finger down her tattoo` No, it can't be.

FB: `a younger Zaki, watches a man with a sword kill his parents. The man has the same tattoo on his arm`

`A boat ducks and Zaki flees he scene`

`Zaki runs down a dark alley. He rips a piece of this clothing trying to stop the bleeding form the arm wound. He presses his eyes closed.`

# Act 3

## Vio anger training

`Vio wakes up in the morning at the docks. She picks up the locks of Zaki's hair and walks away from the rising sun.`

`Vio going hard at a punching bag`

BC: Let's rest.

Vio: No, I need to learn to be faster.

BC: You lost a fight. That's part of the job, at least you made it out alive.

Vio: I could have easily not. Then what?! Who will take care of Sicili?!

BC: If you go into a fight with that mindset, no wonder you lost.

Vio: I had him!

BC: Then what happened?

Vio: You faded. I was afraid to lose you.

BC: dear [^104], it will never be me. The meeting the real butterfly collector is bond to break your heart. `fades into Zaki`

Vio `punches towards him` No! You can't can't take her away from me. 
`falls to the ground.`
I know it's just an illusion. But I need the illusion, someone to help me navigate this confusing cold world, someone who is strange like me, `collapses on the ground sobbing` someone to love me unconditionally.[^110]

BC: You initally created this image of me to help you understand the person behind the murders of your clients.

Vio: It's my fault that we don't have enough money to send Sicili to music school.

BC: If my contract didn't demand I kill those your contract bond you to protect. Yes, you may be getting more jobs.

Vio: No, I should have never let you get to them. I know so much about you.

BC: In some ways yes, but how much if it is based on facts? Somewhere along the way, you have projected your needs also onto me.

Vio: My only need is to catch you.

BC: `cups Vio's chin` Denial has always been your way of getting by hasn't it? `nips Vio's ears` Your loneliness knows you better than you know yourself.

Vio: You know nothing of solitude. After that fall, I neither saw nor spoke to anotehr human for five years.

BD: And now that you've found your family, why do you still feel so alone? What do you need from me that they cannot give? `fades into the air.`

## Vio realize Zaki is after the brothel

Rein: By the way, I've found a matching record of those locks.
`opens the file` Zaki Attar, said to have went missing some years ago. Ever since they found his parents were found dead from a lab explosion.

Vio: `grabs the file from Rein` What was a anthrololgy professor and a poetics scholar doing in the chemistry building?

Rein: That's what the investigation wondered about too. At the end they decided since they must have been refugee spies. Embedded to steal Galeian secrets. `nurses a paper cut` When social services went to collect their son, Zaki, he had disappeared. No one had seen nor heard from him for years, until a few years ago. It's rumored that he's been in contract with some crime families. I think the Rossi were one of them? Didn't you visit one of their bosses recently?

Vio: I did  `thinks the boy and about what Zaki said about a prototype` and let go someone that night, I shouldn't have.

Rein: What are you rambling about?

Vio: I think he's going to attack Juliette's house again!

## Everyone at Juliette's house evacuates

`Juliette's house is a large Gothic mansion.`

> What is Vio feeling going into this scene? She is nervous because Zaki beat her once. Yet is is also angry and feels played. She goes in walls up and stakes out.

Vio: `to Juliette` Is that everyone, *madam*? 

Juliette: Thank you my sweet `reaches out to pat her on the cheek`

Vio: `flinches away`

Juliette: Oh sorry, I forgot.

Vio: *I can't stand being touched* `turns to Lessa` You can stay with Sici and me for a while.

Juliette: Don't worry, I'm taking everyone to the country side for a while to keep them safe.

Lessa: But this is our busiest month!

Juliette: No amount of money is worth my girls or my boys getting hurt. We don't know if the butterfly collector will come after us again.

Lessa: Can  you make sure won't be a theat to us? `sly nudges`

Vio: `long pause` For you and Sicili, `almost to herself, then to Lessa` I will!

`Vio walks back to the house and in the study with the full length windows shining through.`

`Zaki is standing there looking out the window and watch everyone leave in carriages.`

## Final fight

> *why do you still feel so alone?* I don't know how to not feel alone. Solitutude has become integrated as part of my identity. That even when I'm with people who love me, I feel a prepetual sense ot not belonging. I still feel like an alien. I attribute it to maybe the fact that I am a killer, and I kill with extravagence. Must there be something wrong with me, if I seem to enjoy it? You see to enjoy it too, otherwise you won't make such a spectical of it. 

> *What do you need from me that they cannot give*? I wants someone to share my sorrows, my tend towards the morbid, my deep understanding of isolation. And my feeling of inadequecy. You get the darker sides of me, the parts of me I am too afraid the world to find out. I know just by seeing your work, you express your darkness through your craft. 

> Vio starts this scene with the intention to kill Zaki[^113], because that is the only way she can ensure he won't try to hurt Lessa again. Or that without him then maybe she stands a chance at securing her reputation back again. However it is because of what she wants from knowing someone like him that makes her run back.

Vio: I knew you'll come back. [^106] I evaculated everyone. My associate is looking for the vial you've delivered. Where is it hidden?

`Zaki turns around to face Vio, the sunset from the large study paints her face. While he is in a shadows. He steps out to join her in the dusk light.`

Zaki: `smirks` they'll never find it in time

Vio: In time for what, Zaki Attar?

Zaki: How did you... `raises eyebrows` Well, since I've been exposed. `takes out a curved blade` Only one of us will make it out of this house alive tonight.

Vio: Not like I was expecting us to walk out in each other's arms. `unshef and spins around a dagger`.[^114]

`They start fighting`

Vio: A year ago, a girl's body was found in the river. Did she really drown?

Zaki: Why do you want to know?

Vio: Because I was contracted to protect her!

Zaki: Ah so you failed to do your job and blame me. No, you were right she was long dead before her little toes even touched water. The Grokkin butterfly's venom deprives you of oxygen.

Vio: You monster!

Zaki: I know I am, what about you? You sprint towards my vitals with no hesitation. You move like someone who takes a life with ease.

Vio: I do not! Play sick games with my marks, making them face their darkest fears.

Zaki: I was doing them a favor. I gave them the opportunity to conquer their fears. Too bad they didn't have the time to brag about it afterwards. 

Vio: That's your altruistic excuse?! You just wanted to make people squirm.

Zaki: `pins Vio against a wall` I can make you squirm. And I can tell you like to play too. You clearly are the more skilled fighter; you could have killed me on the spot. Yet, you don't. You are drawing your time, asking me questions, your blows only intended to scare me into answering.

Vio: Just because I haven't ended you yet. Does not mean I don't intend to do so. So answer me this, how did you lure the senator's son away from his own birthday party.

Zaki: Oh I remember that case, his parents were so paranoid of the people that stupid boy got rolled up with they hired the castrating assassin to protect him. A bit over kill, don't you think?

Vio: `gives her signature smile right before a kill`

Zaki: `realizes who she is` Noo...

Vio: `Brings her knife down to his crouch, and a smile and eyes wide` Here's to your last night of fucking!

Zaki: `jumps back`

Vio: `holds up two daggers`

`fights end sup on a large spiral staircase`

Zaki: So, we're both monsters. You too like to see your victims squirm as you take away what is most precious to them.

Vio: Don't assume you know me by projecting your cruel intentions.

Zaki: Oh but I do, because you're just like me. There's darkness in me, and no one knows how it feels, probably no one but you.

Vio: The darkness you speak of... does it come when you are alone.

Zaki: I've always been alone. But yes, it binds me, my past, my future. It tells me

Both: "You will always be alone".

Vio: `eyes wide` if you can feel it too. Then you are not alone. Maybe we can fight it together.

Zaki: Magical thinking girl. There is no fighting with fate.

Vio: No... then I'll challenge destiny.

Zaki: There's no escape. Down down we twirl, in our dance of devastation. Leaving a trail blood and vile in our wake. Will you dance with me once again, when we meet in hell?[^115] 

Vio: `crawls on the floor her eyes are about to go dark` No! `shakes her head` I will not!

`Vio throws her knife near Zaki and misses. Then something crumbles from the knife and Zaki falls down a flight.`

## Vio rescues Zaki

`Vio runs down the hallway, to find Helga`

Vio: Did you find it?

Helga: No. And that's why we gotta get out.

Vio: Why

Helga: Later.

`as they to run out, the house starts catching on fire`

Helga: Let's go before the police arrives.

Vio: No, Sicili's tuition is still inside! `runs back into the house`

`Zaki wakes up and find the entire place in flames. He pulls the collar of his coat over his face and tries to make it down the stairs, but collapse.`

`He sees Vio's silloutte running towards him`

Zaki: you ...`wakes up` why

Vio: I'm not letting the only one who shares my darkness burn.  `picks him up` Not until we can cure each other.

`Zaki leans on Vio's shoulders as the two try to make it out`

> Use heavily visual story telling in foreshadowing their dynamic

`falling chandelier. Zaki trying to shield Vio, ends up getting impaled in the ribs a bit.`

Vio: Zaki!

Vio: Is that what you still go by? What do people call you now?

Zaki: For a while, I was no one. Thus no one called me anything.

Vio: Me too

## Return to Zaki's flat

`Inside Zaki's building`

She looks up the spiral and sighs, they have a long way to go. When they finally arrived at the very top, there was no other units on the floor. He lived in the attic of the complex, the entire place smells of turpentine. Canvases with partially finished paintings laying out to dry along the floors. A large semicular window from the opposite wall lit the place with a dim blue night. That was when she notices the butterflies; along all the walls are are glasses cases of taxodermied butterflies of all species and breeds. Their wings splays out like watchful eyes on the guest as  they limp their way to the bed.

`Shows Vio & Zaki at the top of a spiral staircase`

`Enter Zaki's flat. Show the moon shining through the large windows`

`Pan around Zaki's butterfly collection and painting supplies`

`Zaki's trench coat drops to the ground, whist a glass cage of butterflies. One butterfly drinks nectar from a flower that blooms at night time.`


> At the end the reader knows that Zaki might still be after agents of the org, but Vio doesn't know that. He ultimately is after Jacques, who he does succeed in killing at the end. By then he had his sights set on killing Edgar who he knew was responsible for this. Jacques does step in from to save Edgar. They both die in when they are confronted by Zaki and Vio.