# 02: These are the Voices We've Given
THEME: Learned helplessness.

> Vio’s journey from being an objective bystander, her duty is what is part of the org to taking an active role in the rebellion. Ada is touched by the protest, but she can’t join herself as federal agent. Or can she because it’s a protest against the church? Vio does not want to go  beyond the duties of her job, fearing it will endanger her family.  

- [x] Ace as a nightmare about the night her family got raided
- [x] The next morning Zaki insist on walking to Vive home.
- [x] On the way they see a protest in a block of tenement houses. The church has brought the property and is planning to build a cathedral.
- [x] When they return to Vive's place, Sici is there.
- [x] Then Ace gets a page from Rein and returns to the Org
- [x] Bombing of a public gov building (dept of housing and zoning). We know it is not the org, they want to know who else it may be.
- [x] Ace and Rein visit some other orgs
- [x] Alan passes by Adolf on his away home
- [x] Visits the Harts during high tea. They wonder if it may be a grass roots org making a statement to the government
- [x] Ada & Yi Han: talk to people with gripe with department of housing: private of public housing that get sold to the church. learns it is not the first property the church has brought
- [x] Ada and Vivo argue about whether or not they should take part in the rebellion
- [x] Yi Han, Vivo, and Ada. Almost cult? a group thinks the church is planning something bad because they have been buying land for years. Over the pass few years, the church has been secretly buying out warehouses houses squaders. People are being kicked out, and because it's legal no one has done anything about this. The church has been using this space to store weapons and train for their crusades. The gov did not think much of it.
- [x] When Vivo returns home Zaki is still there, and offers to help
- [x] Zaki and Vivo visits one of the last warehouses to talk to refugees
- [x] Vivo decides to join the protest
- [x] The church brings out its army to disperse the protest. Yule appears

---

Autumn nights in Renova are quiet with only the howling of the wind. But this evening the Alighieri estate had been lively, for it was Sicili's eight birthday party. While Vio did not have any friends, Sicili was a social butterfly. Everyone at their academy loved her, and father invited her whole class over for the day. There was a magician who had the quickest hand, and even a string quartet, for Sicili recently had sudden love for the violin. And to everyone's surprise the after the cake was cut, Atonia's finest ballet troupe came all the way from Girasole Conservatory to perform for her sister. It was by far the finest celebration Alighieri sisters ever had. Vio can't help to be a little jealous.

Even long after everyone has left, Sicili is still edging from excitement of the day, and she bounced and hummed, while her sister brushed her hair. Their peaceful unwinding ritual was interrupted by a hurried knocking on their bed chambers' door. Vio went to answer it to find her older cousin, Lesbia. "Quick get into your travel gear. We must go!"

"What?! Why?" Vio asked, she was not one to blindly follow commands.

"We are under attack!" Lessa said hurriedly.

Vio turned towards her younger sister who walked up to the door beside her. "Sici, it's time."

They had always known something like this may happen. Atonia was far from united sovereignty. It was more of a collection of city states, which all coincidentally spoke the same language. Leadership fell to the arms of local noble families, ancient clans, or warlords. Power belonged to the mighty, and those bold enough to enforce their wills. The Alighieri were a powerful family, and like all powerful entities, they were not short on enemies.

There was always a threat that they may be kidnapped by their parent's rivals, held for ransom, or murdered to be set as an example. Uncle Ardino had trained Lessa and Vio at a very young age to fight; how to kill a man triple their size.

The Alighieri girls, quickly got dressed and followed Lessa down to the stables.

"Where are my parents?" Vio asked as they made their way quietly through the house.

"Handling the situation," Lessa answered.

"Then I must help! We can't leave them to risk their lives for us," Vio cried.

"You'll put them in more danger, if they are trying to protect you. Stop being so selfish," this time it was Sicili who spoke.

"But," Vivo knew her younger sister was right. Yet she felt so wrong for leaving mom and dad.

"No buts," Lessa asserts. "When your mother became the leader of the the Alighieri clan my dad swore to her that we will keep her family safe, and I will keep that promise." Vio and Sicili followed their cousin through their mansion in silence.

When they reached the stables, there was an odd odor of rust and iron. Vio did not stop to investigate as they gathered Lesbia and Sicili's favorite stallions, Midnight and Moonlight, and choosen a carriage for the long journey ahead. The three Alighieri girls, escaped towards the forest surrounding the estate. It was not until they were out of the barns and passing through the field did Vio realize what the iron scent was. All thirteen of the family's guard dogs laid motionless, in pools of blood their own blood. Her favorite was a Spanish hound, Diego, bared multiple bullet wounds upon his gray coat, now stained in scarlet. 

- - - -

'Diego!', Vivo's jolts up. Every inch of her soaked, her body in sweat and face in tears. She breaths short and choked breathes. The memory of that night, had making her feel so helpless. She remembered vowing to never let the suffering of those around her happen, not if she can stop it.  Next to her lays Zaki, his bare chest bandaged from the wound she inflicted with her knives. One of his arms splays out above her pillow, the other on his belly, his mouth hangs slightly open. She wonders if someone saw his man sleeping, would they ever have guessed his kill count?

Vio had always loved the feeling of the morning sun against her skin. It reminds of of those years, when she lived alone in the mountains where she would spend her nights on a hammock high up on the trees.  Being high up, above the happenings of other forest creatures made her feel safe.  From an aerial view, she can see her world objectively. Vio watches as the city slowly come to life Zaki’s attic flat.

“Look at them go, like gears in an automata.” Zaki says as he encircles an arm around her waist. Vivara flinches, she normally does not like being touched; it has always felt invasive. Whenever there is skin to skin contact, she had always felt that touch linger, then she would have to rub it off later. But when he pulls her closer and places his lips in the side of the neck, she wonders if maybe just once, she would not mind the feeling of his lips linger with her today.

She turns towards him, hoping to replace her neck with her lips. But Zaki’s head shot up. “Let’s get you home,” he says softly.

“You don’t have to come with me”, Vio says not wanting to trouble him.

Zaki touches his forehead to hers, and lookes lazily into her eyes. “I’ve shown you mine. Now it’s time for you to show me yours.”


By the time Zaki and Vivara made it out to the streets it is almost noon.  Ixan was a city that rise early, with everyone getting to work in a timely fashion, taking lunch in their offices.  The streets are quiet, and mostly barren. The exception is a block with rows of tents, and make shift sleeping setups. There sits people with tattered clothes, and starring angrily at the construction of a cathedral, or wistfully at the blue tent of which we call the sky.

“This block used to be tenement homes,” Zaki explaines. “Government owned, but then the mayor sold it to a private company.”

“And the company sold it to the church”, Ace finished the narrative. She looks up at the grandiose cathedral being constructed.

As they turn the corner to pass by the would be entrance to the cathedral was a crowd of cleaner smelling people, marching and yelling and they rose and bared signs, which said “right to shelter”, “God’s home should be everyone’s home”. The hunger of the homeless stirred inside her, but there was a little she could do. Both her and Sicili are here illegally, she is a wanted killer, who takes hits on government officials. Best she lay low, if she wants to ensure the safety of her sister. Still an acid in the stomach eats away at her throughout the walk. She does not say a word to Zaki until they arrived back at her flat. When they arrived, Sicili greeted them from the kitchen.

“Hi sis, this is Zaki, he was on the same case as me.” Vivara introduced him. She motioned to her sister, “and Zaki this is my sister”

“Sicili, right” Zaki eagerly grabbed her hand. “Vio has told me so much about you.”

Vivara looked puzzled, she definitely did not recall telling Zaki anything about her family. That’s part of the job of being an assassin, keep your family away from anyone you come into contact with at work. Especially if they may be working with an opposing side.  It was part of the reason, why she was hesitant to allow Zaki to come home with her.  While she was pondering this particular scene, her pager buzzed.

“Would you like some coffee?” Sicili offered their guest.

“Coffee would be lovely,”  said Zaki eventually letting go of her hand. “Thank you.”

“Sis, would you also like some?” Sicili asked.

“No, I must get to work,” Vio said as she headed out the door,

- - - -

“The bombing of the Department of Housing building happened around 8am this morning,” Rein explained. He was a broad shouldered assassin, with pale blond hair, and emerald eyes, 5 years older than Vivara.  Many of the younger trainees harbored a crush on him, but to the girls he was unattainable as he preferred the company of men.

“Was there a call, or threat warning beforehand?” Vivara asked.

“No, call or warning to evacuate,” said Rein. “But luckily most employees have not arrived yet. There were five casualties, and no deaths.”

“And Jacques wants us to investigate because… he wants to find out who else is going after the government?” ask Vio.

“Yes, with the state of the homeless crisis over the past ten years, there are a lot of unhappy people.  Everyone is angry with our parliaments inability to  make changes.”

“But whoever did this, is clearly trying to make a statement more than solve any problems,” Vio observed.

“And we have to find out who they are, and what they want to say.  Are they linked thus in anyway? If so, their action just put all us of at the risk of exposure,” Rein said firmly.

- - - -

"And you are you heard nothing about the bombing," Vio stated as her knife travel down the lanky's abdomen.
He had his hand tied above his head, and hanging to a beam in an old warehouse. He had belonged to had been the one of the organized crime families, Rein and Vivara hit up to investigate the bombings.

"Yes, I told you," he cried. "We would be stupid to attack in such an out right way. Bombings, mass shootings are they art of your people. Hastuit immigrants are not foolhardly, we have to be cunning to survive in foreign lands, after our home got decimated by your Church."

"Cunning, eh?" Rein spoke up. "You know, my partner here," he nods to Vio "is known as the castrating killer, she will make you hard, and then make you bleed hard. If you are not completely honest with us, even your so professed wits won't help you."

The boy whimpered. "We'll take your for your word," said Vio as she toss her knife in the air to cut the rope that dangled him from the ceiling, "for now." He dropped several feet to the floor landed on his hands and knees.

When Rein and Vivara left the warehouse, "That sure was a waste of time," said Rein.

"I get a feeling we are missing something. That was the sixth ancharist gang we visited, and we are no further along than we were when we left the headquarters.“ pondered Vivara. "Maybe it's time to pay a visit to some friends on the inside. To see if they found out more about the bombing."

- - - -

The walk between Alan's precinct and home had recently turned pleasant. A street violinist started playing two blocks from his apartment. Every morning he would take the long away to work just to here him play. He was a blond boy, a little around his age. He would close his eyes when he played ~~, as if he cared not what became of the spare change in his violin case.~~ Alan wondered what did the boy see when he closed his eyes; what peaks and valleys helped him glide into his cresecendos.  Alan can't help to be smitten by both the boy and his songs. Unfortunately the violinist was not here this afternoon. Disappointed Alan sprinted to his apartment, Ada would be angry if he was late for high tea yet again.

The Hart siblings are creatures of habit. Every day at exactly three hours past noon, they would have sit together along for tea. Ada dropped four sugar cubes in the cup for her brother, and carried over the tea and treats on a silver platter to their drafting table. Vio wondered where she was going to put the platter as every inch of table is covered in files and papers. Alan made room by sweeping his arm along the table, pushing the clutter aside, and a few documents fell to floor. Neither sibling seemed concerned about the documents, as Ada set the platter down.

Alan reached for a chocolate eclair, "Great! I am starving. We've been investigating the bombing all day."

"What did you find?" asked Rein.

Ada answered, "according to the security footage it was one of the night guards who planted the bomb, but we couldn't question him because he's still unconscious in the hospital."

"Yi Han did some digging into his history," Alan interjected with still with a full mouth. Ada gave him a disapproving look, one their mother would give them when she expected better from her children. Alan took a sip of tea and swallowed his food before speaking again. "and came up null. No criminal history, ties to organized crime, or terrorist organizations. He just lives with his wife and son on the east side of town. Neighbors said he's a regular church attendee, and frequently volunteers to coach youth sports. Coworkers call him happy and respectful. This dude is a snore. Maybe that's why he did it, just got bored one day and decided to go postal."

"Does his son attend public or private school," asked Rein.

"Public, I think." Alan replied.

"And you say he's on the east side? There schools aren't great. What does his wife do?"

"She's a caretaker for the senior center," Ada read from a file.

"It is possible, that they are tight in finances, with east side schools shutting down, he could have took money from someone else to plant the bomb." Vio speculated. "Can you request a warrant to look up their recent transactions?"

"And in! Their finances over the past year seems looks routine," said Alan as he scrolled through the guard's bank history. They all looked at him curiously. Had he just hacked into a bank's database? "What?! Our banking security systems are elementary. Plus it's going to take days to get that warrant."

"He could be paid in cash," Rein suggested.

"It's rather peculiar that the Department of Housing got bombed the same week the tenement protest is happening," Ada speculates.

"That's true, do you think the kids protesting were responsible?" asked Vio.

"Not sure," said Ada. "But I can look into it."

- - - -

Ada and Yi Han has been doing interviewing people for as long as they have been working in the police. Yi Han has the uncanny talent of never forgetting, and Ada's upbringing as a daughter of diplomats made her  charming, someone everyone feels like they can open up to. They walked along the line of protestors camped outside the cathedral.

Some of the campers were previous tenants of the housing project, now demolished to the cathedral. One women sat in front of her tent with her bulldog, she had short hair that was starting to grow into a mullet. There was man in a white sleeveless shirt, eyes sullen and bones protruding. He didn't even have a tent, just a sleeping bag and a large suitcase. None of these people seem capable of planning a bombing, if day to day living is a challenge.

Then there are the college students, bright eyed and hopeful, baring signs that said "GOD'S HOME SHOULD BE A SANCTUARY FOR ALL","DISPLACE ME NOT", and "CHURCH'S WAR ON THE HASTUIT STOPS TODAY". One girl is holding a sign that saids "THE CHURCH'S SECRET CONQUEST OF GALEI STOPS TODAY".

Ada walked up to her, "Hi, my name is Adeline, and this is my friend Han”, she said her best Hanon accent. “We are am touring from Chundu. We are wondering why is everyone camped outside this block?”

The woman introduced herself as Evi, and explained “this entire block use to house those people," she pointed to the displaced tenants on the street. "It was government subsidized housing for low income families and refugees."

"And then what happened?"  said Ada.

"We've been experiencing budget cuts for a while, and our last prime minister sold many government owned properties to private holders. This tenement block was one of them. The new owners got away with rent control. Many families couldn't afford the raise in rent, when the buildings occupancy reached below 30%, they sold the property to the church," Evi explained.

"Isn't the property owner suppose to pay tenants a portion of the sell price?" asked Ada.

"Yes, but they paid them their rent price, and since it is still a subsidized rent, they can't use that money to be find housing elsewhere because it has become really expensive to live in Ixan. Many people get by squatting at abandoned factories and warehouses."

"That is terrible," Yi Han empathized.

Evi continued, she must be on a roll, and is excited to have someone to listen to her. "But what is worst is the church has been buying those properties too. And no one knows about it because since they are designated residential areas, they are not displacing anyone according to the eyes of the law."

"Why is the church buying old factories and warehouse?" asked Ada.

"I don't know, but if you are interested you should talk with YODA." said Evi.

"Yoda who?" said Ada.

"Youth of Dynamic Action, here let me write down the contact of one of their reps," the girl said eagerly.

“Thank you,” smiled Ada. “We will reach out to them.”

The girl smiled back, eager to talk more. But Yi Han paved an exit, “We should go over to place to see how we can help.”

“YODA would be so delighted,” Evi exclaimed.

- - - -

"This is not one bit shady," commented Yi Han, as he and Ada and Vio looked around an alley way.

"This is the address she gave," said Ada looking at the paper, Evi had written for her.

“She seemed overly eager to disclose information. What if Evi is just trying to lead us into a trap?” asked Yi Han.

“Why would she do that?” parried Ada.

“Maybe her YODA cult, demands a virgin sacrifice,” Yi Han jests, and with a one sided smile at Ada, “and you looked peachy.” 

“No one is ending up on an altar today.” Vio reassured Ada. “Plus that's why you have me to protect you both,” Vio heard that light touches calmed people down so she held out her hand to gently brush Ada’s arm.

"That's why we have Charlie and Alexis," Yi Han motioned to his hip, where a handgun was holstered to each side.

In the secluded alley a windchime jingles, it is ornate, a hybrid between dream catcher and miniature chandelier.

"I think that's our cue," said Ada pointing up to the windchime, five stories high at the window of a fire escape.

"Great, how do we get up there?" said Yi Han. The fire escape in the first two floors had rotted away.

"Probably with this," said Vio, picking up a harnest and rope hanging from the side the fire escape.

"What do kids theses days have against front doors," sighed Ada.

"Didn't you hear? Scaling up walls is all the rave these days," commented Yi Han.

The three of the took turns scaling up the wall of an abandoned factory. By the time the last one came up, a head appeared through the embroidered drapery scaring the party. A man, with blond hair and trimmed but outgrown beard opened the window half way. "If a tree falls," he started.

"Will its leaves cause a ripple in Walden Pond?" finished Ada.

He smiled and opened the window fully, "welcome kinsfolk."

They tumbled through the window into a room with a suffocating smell of incense. It was a museum collection through the ages, with time and origins scrambled. There was a lot of furniture from Western Hanon, Tson woodcuts, Atonian ornaments, all existing in an industrial Galeion factory.

"My name is Nobi, and I will bring you to see one of our high priest." said the bearded man. They all doubted that was his real name, but who doesn't go by a pseudonym once in a while after all most of Ixan know Vio as "Ace, the castrating assassin".

They exit the room and went through a hallway. It was adorned with portraits, no one they recognized. But each of the portrait subjects had an air about them, the type of force that draws a moth to a flame. Nobi lead them to a room on the left.  The entire room was dressed the shades of indigo. At the far end of the room was a women in violet translucent robes, each layer of fabric overlapping each other. She sits tall on the floor with her eyes closed and hands resting on her knees. She had long frizzy salt and peppered hair that touched the floor. She was pale, her lips thin and closed.

Nobi kneed and addressed her "Priest Lana." She opened her eyes, they too were a deep shade of purple. "These kinsfolk have come to see you."

Lana nodded and motioned him to leave, Nobi slowly got up and exit the room. She her eyes first landed on Yi Han, then Ada, and last it held with Vio. "You," she motioned to Vio, "I see in you great darkness, in a path from the past, and the untrodden road of what is to come. Blood will spill by your hands, or it already has, you will lead armies."

"I am afraid you are mistaken," Vivo interrupted. "I am just a lowly killer, I have no wish to lead. My only wish to provide safety and comfort to my sister. We came here to discuss matters of the state and church not our unseen destiny."

"Every well," said Lana with a little disappointed sigh.

"We came to inquire the purchasing of disused spaces by the church," explained Yi Han.

"Galei is a wonderful nation, a very generous nation," Lana started. "Perpetually accepting people from all over the continent. The tired, the hungry, and yet good intentions, without a plan is like a dream catcher without a net."

"We know the refugees come here, but with little to no support system and integration into Galeion life," said Ada. "And many who didn't have a place to stay, ended up living in the abandoned buildings on the edge of the city. And the church has been buying them up. But why?"

"For their crusade of course," said Lana in a much lower voice.

"But their crusade has been going on for ages!" said Vivo. "Is it because most of the tenants in those places are Hastuit? And because they are the only people who openly opposed the expansion of the church because they follow another deity?"

"Partially yes," said Lana. "But there is something more suspicious than that. The tenement block they bought, that was to erect the cathedral. We see it, and what they did with the land. But what about the warehouses? Those are still warehouses, what does Roderick want warehouses for?"

"Land investment perhaps?" said Yi Han.

"Armory and artillery," said Lana. "The church is gearing up for war here. Galei is next. It took Atonian city states, and the Hastuit nations, it took Cella, and Basque, we are next."

*This is insane,* though Vio. *We are at the pit of some conspiracy theorist.*

"If you don't believe me," said Lana almost as if she read Vio's doubts. "Go ask Mazin Alamdi, he squating at the old pencil factory, until the church kicked everyone in that building out. He went back a few weeks after to get a family heirloom he hidden there. Ask him what he saw."

When they back into the streets, the sun had set. Ada started, “we really ought to do something about this.”

“About what?” asked Yi Han.

“About the church making families of this city homeless!” exclaimed Ada. “About our city lacking infrastructure to support refugees, even though our country accepts them with open arms.”

“You’re right,” Yi Han agrees. “Good intentions can only go so far. It’s not enough to mean well, if you can’t do anything well.” They both looked to Vio.

Vio nervously sucks in her lips, trying to keep calm. “I came here to figure out who is responsible for the bombing, not take part in some conspiracy theory.”

"How can you deny that there's increasingly more and more people being force out into the streets?!" protested Ada.

"But what can *we* do about it?" asked Vio. "We aren't even Galei citizens! What right do we have to meddle in another nation's affairs?"

"Right, you, who go around executing hits government officials, are not meddling in the affairs of another country." spits Ada with bitterness.

"I am just an agent," Vio clarifies. "Taking on jobs to support me and my sister, so she doesn't have to be a whore like my cousin! Not everyone has the luxury of enlisting to enoble causes, Lady Adeline Hart of Wickshire! Some of us can only hope to survive." With that she left Ada and Yi Han in the alley.

Yi Han sighed and looked at his friend; Ada's eyes fog with tears, like her brother, she is one quick the emote. When she looked up at him blinking tears away, she could have drowned his heart. He placed his hads on the side of her face and softly brushed her quivering lip. If only he could feel a fraction of what the Hart siblings felt, then maybe for once since his brother died, he would feel alive. 

He wished Alan was here, because he didn't know what to do with the crying mathematican. Alan always knew how to make his older sister laugh, even when she was crying as if she was going to drown the city, turing the streets into canals, Ixan into Desdemon. "Hey, there Peach," he said softly calling her by a nickname only Alan's ever used.

"I just, I just..." Ada hiccups through breathes. "Can't let thousands of people be made of suffer, even if it's in our best interest to stand aside again." Yi Han strokes her auburn tresses, and pull her closer. She rests her face into his chest, sending tingles up his spine when her nails brushes between the back of his neck and shoulders.

------

Vio knew that as illegal residents in Ixan, she and Sicili had to stay invisible. Even though Galei is suppose to be an country with open borders, welcoming people from all over the world, with the current nationalist climate, their asylum in not regonized. If they were discovered, not only will they be deported, but also likely separated in the process. She ahd already lost her sister once, and it took her years and miles to find her way back to Sicili and Lesbia. She will not lose her again.

FLASHBACK: They had been traveling for a few days. Initially they made great strides up the peninsula, but now their pace has lagged, and  they are making their way through the mountain range that guarded Atonia’s norther border. Vivara and Sicili's father was from a noble family in the far east. Far enough where they hoped High Priest Roderick's scheming would not get to them. Over the last few years, her parent’s would whisper in private about their growing worry with the Church's involvement in affairs of the Atonia states. While tension had always existed between the Atonia states,  the High Priest has been stoking the flames in Atonia ~~, ever since his twin sister Madelaine went missing. Vivo wondered how many nations she would flip, and levels of hells she would raise, if Sicili ever disappeared~~. She looked over at her sleeping younger sister curled up in the corner of the carriage. Throughout the journey the girls took turns driving the coach.  Lesbia had always been steady coachmen, which is why Vivara was surprised when the carriage came to a sudden stop.  She poked her head out,  to find the drive seat empty.  

“Lessa!”, Vivara hopped out. Her cousin was unconscious on the ground with a dart in her neck. Their horses panicked and a pack of men descend upon them from the slope above their path. Their crescent shaped knifes gleamed in the moonlight.

While Uncle Ardino had taught Lesbia and Vivara multiple forms of martial arts warding off on seven grown men  is going to be a challenge.  Vivara regretted jumping out of the carriage unarmed.  She should have grabbed her crossbow or Lesbia’s sword. But Sicili is too gentle to be a fighter, and with her cousin unconscious she she must protect whoever is left of her family alone.  She launched at there nearest bandit with a jump kick to his chin. ~~The rest of the fight was a blur.~~

> (TODO write fight scenes)

The next thing she remembered was toppling over Lesbia, her stomach wound staining her cousins blonde hair. Maybe it was easier give up, maybe they had been meant to burn with their estate, and Death cased them down, to the treacherous mountains, for it will have its souls. “Lessa, I’ve failed.” Vivara cried. She rested her head against her cousin’s slowly but still beating heart.

“Ah!!!” one of the bandits had dragged Sicili out of the carriage by the tresses of her hair.

“How adorable, innocent,” he muttered.  “How deliciously corruptible,” he said as he tear Sicli’s petticoat.

Vivara snatched Lesbia’s riding crop and aimed for the bandit, who’ had his knife pointed at Sicili with his  right hand, and was undoing his trousers with left . The tail of the whip circled around his  right wrist, and she tugged. hard. He dropped both his knife and and trousers dropped simultaneously.  

It looked as if he was well prepared to commit terrible actions to a eight year old girl. Vivara sweep up to catch the falling knife. In a double handed grip she lounged her bladed at him. He still held on to the part of him that was no longer part of his body. His blood and screams escaped him like a river breaking through a dam.  His comrades all turned towards Vivara,  she let out a sly smile, as she wiped the blood that had rained on her face. The remaining four bandits, who were still alive all fled.

All this commotion had upset the horses, and when Vivara tried to calm them down, Midnight in jumped and knocked her down the ledge of their mountain path. That night was the last time she saw her sister and cousin in a for a very long time.

___

It was late when Vio got home; all lights were out in her apartment, and since Sicili and her share the same room, she didn’t turn on the lights in fear it will wake her sister up. Tired from the long day of running around, she did not notice another presence in her room.  

“Long day, huh?” came low whisper. Vio almost lounged her knife towards the sound until she saw Zaki’s face illuminated by the moonlight.

After they make their way out of the bedroom, Vio answers “It’s been a wild goose chase.”

“If there’s anything I can do,” started Zaki.

“No, I think…” Vio had always been in the habit of taking on responsibilities alone; but maybe this one mission he might be of help. “Do  speak Astlor?”

“Why?” said Zaki with an eyebrow raised. “Because of the color of my skin, you assume I spoke Astlor? Not all Hastuit get along with each other you know.  My parents are from Thoth, most of the ones in this city are from Nuna. They can tell from my accent. Not sure they want to be conversing with someone from the country that was their oppressors for centuries.“

Schooled and guilty, Vio turned away and said, “Never mind.” 

“Let me come with you, if my tongue offers you no protection, my skin still may give you some in. They won’t like an Atonian girl like you, questioning them alone,” said Zaki.

“I am half Tsuon,” corrected Vio.

“Still pale….”, smirked Zaki.

- - - -

The Ixan Sector 8 Community Center had one wing they used to offer temporary lodging to the disabled or mentally ill homeless. Because Ixan's had limited housing for the homeless, some of the occupants there that night had purposefully injured themselves to increase their chances to be granted shelter. Mazin Alamdi sat on his lower bunk bed ready to crack one a book he had loaned from the center's library. But his escape into another world was interupted when a community caretaker told him there's people here to see him. While walking through the hallways of florencent light, Mazin wondered who they could be. The had no family in Ixan, no all his family was back in Nuna, buried under cinder that was once his house when the church invaded his city.

The visiting room was a small, painted eggshell sand, with two swinging lights hanging from the ceiling. There were four tables, and one was occupied by a two young adults. One was a male with dark hair and dark skin, a fellow Hastuit, but he could tell he's not Nunan for his noise is too narrow. The girl sitting next to him had jet black hair and pale skin, the colour of sunlight on freshly snowed hills. She narrowed her eyes and tooked a Mazin with a sense of surprise and suspicion. When he sat down, she started "you don't look like someone who belongs in the psych ward."

"That's becasue I don't live at the psych ward," said Mazin offended by the rudeness of this girl.

"We did not mean to offend you, that's a great book." the Hastuit said, pointing to the book Mazin had in his hands. "My parents had Lorca's whole bibliography in their library." 

"I was just about to read it, until you two came along," said Mizan bitterly.

"Sorry," she apologized. A little nervous about her next words, she said "My name is Vio, and this is my friend Zaki. Lana from YODA sent us to you."

"Ah, YODA nice group of kids, they are. They help get me here, else I would be in the streets." Mizan said. "I guess, I owe them big time. What do you want to know?"

"Do you mind talking to us about your time at the pencil factory? How did you get kicked out, and what happened after you went back?" Vio asked. 

"It's been five years since I've last stepped foot in that place," Mazin begins.

"When I along with the survivors of my village got to Ixan, a man from a neighboring village has been living in the abandoned pencil factory, and we joined him. I had nothing both the clothes in my back, and a doll my sister loved. A 15 year old boy holding a doll, the bother boys made fun of me."

Vio gave him a reassuring smile, knowing too well the cruelty of children to their peers. Mazin continued, "But it was the only thing I have left of my family, and my little sister she was the sun, when she came into a room, everything grew brighter. I couldn't get rid of it, and yet I couldn't be scene with it, if I was to gain respect and confidence of my group. So I hid it in an old supply closet. We stayed their for a few years, then one day men in white uniforms came with riffles and forced us to vacate, saying this is now much property, and we nonbelievers did not belong in the house of God. It was such a frantic evaculation, we only had time to take whatever was in our sleeping area."

Vio, remembered the night when and Sici had to leave their family home in a moment's notice. All that was left behind, she wondered what remains today if she was to go back. Will she still find the azul chess set, that her father had given her for the 8th birthday?

"A few months later, I returned get my sister's doll. I was living alone now, there was no one to judge me for holding on to it. All the windows and doors were boarded up, I had to go in through the old boiler room. That was a mistake, because the boilers that was dysfunc while we were living there were now up and running again, because the pencil factory is now a weapons factory."

----

When Zaki and Ace left the community center, they walked for a long time in without saying a word to eachother. "I'm going to take part in the protest," Zaki breaks the silence.

"What? Why?" asked Vio.

"I may not be Nunan, but I am still a Hastuit. We are everyone's favorite scapegoats." said Zaki. "This country my say they welcome us, but it's people don't. My parents were murdered by Galeian nationalist. They came to our house one night, and said we dirty their waters with out skin."

Vio did not know what to say, she had not expected him to tell her such secrets, after all they had just met last night.

"I've lived in Galei since I was young, it's a place with idealist principles and generally kind people. It has a culture of sharing your food even when you are starving yourself. But the reality is there really isn't enough bread to go around. And over the past ten years, it's own people started to fear for the lack of prospects their kids will have. They feel like kids, who's once loving brother had abandoned them for his new wife."

"And from fear, breds hatred," Vio whispers. "I feel their hatred in the air too. To assuage the fear, they find scapegoats. It's always easier to lay blame on others, than reflect and fix the system."

 "No one is safe," said Zaki firmly. "Sure, you are not Hastuit but you are not Galeian either. Under a failing regime, anyone can be made into a scapegoat. Look, I know you don't want to get involved, because you don't want to protect Sicili, and I can see how much you love her. But if you don't stand up now, it may to be too late to protect her later, when Galeian nationalist come knocking on your door."

"I, I'm not sure..." Vio stuttered.

Zaki lifted her chin, "I believe your kindness can extend to strangers too. You saved me, and I was a stranger, worse I was working for the man you set out to kill. But yet, you rescued me." It was the first time, someone called Vio kind.

----

Vio positions herself at the second story window of a coffee shop over looking the construction of the new cathedral. She watches as Zaki joins the ranks of the protestors. It was late afternoon, and the sun dripped behind the cathedral which casted a shadow over the tents camped outside it. She started to doze off in the warm tangergine sunlight, when the doors of the cathedral bust open. Vio jotted awake and saw a procession of solders clad in glistening white march out, each bearing rifles. A voice from the back of the cathedral square, said through an amplifier, "This block is now private property of the church. Please vacate the premise, otherwise we will take action."

One of the protestors, shouted back "God's home should be our home!" and the crowded echoed those words as a chant. Then what happened next, Vivo cannot describe it ever again. The church's solders opended fire upon the crowd. Screams, cries, Vio scanned the crowd looking frantically for Zaki. *Is he injured? He was just there a second ago.* She heard a boy's wail, as he carried a slightly older boy dripping of blood out from the back of the crowd. "Don't die brother, no! Diego! No!" He was so helpless, they were all so helpless, the protestors, the homeless, like her families' guard dogs the night they were slaughted. Vio didn't bothered with the stairs, the window was low enough. She jumped out running towards the carnage in front of the cathedral.


Vivo pushed through the crowd of protestors, a dagger in each hand, into the church militia. She took down the solder who shot into the crowd first. The next soldier she face off was a face she never thought she will ever see again. He had the greenest eyes, "Jyri."
