# 03: Though storm clouds mask our beloved sun

THEME: Our characters struggle with their chosen authority figure.

> Editor's Notes: Enough setup needs a really strong hook.

---

Scene: In wide plain, there is a village.

*Yule teaching Erik how to cook a goose*, Yule cuts lines into the goose flesh.

Yule: It's fat bird, this will make sure the inner meats gets cooked too.

Erik: Why do geese get fat, if they poop so much?

*when half of the trees in their clearing lights aflame. From the other side charging upon the hills, is a raiding tribe*

Yule: Go, erik, quick alert everyone!

 *Erik runs off, and Yule stands up with his sword* 

---

It has been years since Vivara had seen another human being. Since she's been separated from her sister and cousin the night she lived in a cave in the forest alone. She would have never guessed the snare skills uncle _ had taught her became her lifeline for surviving. In these mountains paths are narrow, and inclines steep. Traveler prefer to take the valleys. Vivara peered at the rather lengthy procession of travelers through the evergreens. Renzo, a wild dog she had befriend sometime back started to growl. Renzo and Eleonora, a her hunting raven has been the only living creatures she kept company. Ever since she was a child, she had always found comfort in the company of animals. Her family kept guard dogs of course. She and Sicili would sneak out during her parent's parties, when Vivara got overwhelmed by the guest to play with them. Then the night when her family's estate got raided, all thirteen of the hounds were found near the stables, each baring multiple gunshot wounds, all dead. In all the eleven years of her life, they had been her only true friends. She loved Sicili, but she was always something Vivara had to protect. But with her dogs, they were different, their connection was mutual. She felt that they had understood eachother in ways that were beyond the boundaries of what words can be described. Sicili had always been a lady of words, she always knew how to phrase her feelings eloquently. Despite what Lesbia saids about Vivara being robotic, Vivara had always felt too much. But her feelings can't be encapulsated in words, or any other forms of expression understandable by other humans, thus she was prone to random fits of tears, and bouts of rage.

 Vivara calculated her odds, if she was to raid this traveling group. It was a congression of twenty people, they appeared to be a large family, with mostly children and the adults at the front and back, like a flock of geese crossing the roads. They did not appear to be heavily armed; and the last two carriages had cargo. Two men had a large boar skewered staff.  She figured if she was to attach she should jump down when the carriage approaches, if she lands on top of it she can have the upperhand. She motioned Renzo to hold off, as she mounted an arrow to her handmade bow.

 Arrow flies down, the driver from the 3rd carriage looks back. Vivara jumps but instead of landing on the carriage she tumbles off its edge falls to the edge. "Halt!" a voice from the carriage she collided with calls. The entire congression stops.

She finds her grounding to get back up, with a dagger in each hand. She throws one knocking a man on a horse off. Several men from the front of the line come towards her, with her other dagger, she rushes to stab one in the abdomen. And using her free fist upper cuts one in the chin. A boy her age holding a spear with both hands jabs towards her. Vio dodges and it slices away her blade, in attempt to doge, she loses her balance and trips. He does not miss the opportunity to keep her down and held the tip of his spear to her neck. Regret and shame overcame Vivara, she can't believe she had been so stupid to attempt to attack this party. She hadn't fought with humans in years. Her biggest opponent had be mountain lions and jackals, and they've long ago stop being a challenge for her. What did her uncle say? The moment you can win on a consistent basis, is the moment you will lose sooner or later.

 The older boy (Yule) asked, "Is the rest of your crew coming to back you up?"

 It took Vivara a long moment to realize he was addressing her. Had she forgotten how to talk? She shook her head.

Ace: Alone.
Yule: Laconic, you'll fit in well with us. I'm Jyri, what's your name?
Ace: *Whoever is hunting my family, are they still looking for me? We are named after the southern Islands, Vivara is not a common name. Mountain people have short names, better to blend in* Ace. I'm Ace. 

Yule: Well Ace, you must be hungry. Com'on violence is never the answer, blood only begets blood.

She nodded and finally blurted "yes, I am" in a mechanical atonal mumble, even though he had not asked her a question.

---

Yule: Jyri is dead, I am reborn. I am Yule.
Ace: Traitor!
*Ace brings her knife to his throat, but it collides with his shield instead. They continue to fight…*

*Yule launches his sword at her, Ace dodges*
Ace: Whatever happened to violence is not the answer?
Yule: Sometimes it is necessary for peace.
Ace: “Blood begets blood” `she slices a wound in abdomen`
Yule: You see how this new government will oppress and enslave so many. We the Church must save them.
Ace: By displacing people from their homes and mass murder?
Yule: Don’t be so high and mighty. You killed to survive, you would have murdered my tribemen's for our food. Yet, we took you in!
Ace: And when the crusades came to our tribe, you blowed down, you let your own parents be burnt. And your younger brother….  Erik is gone because of you.
*Ace starts to tear up.* 

*Someone puts a hand on her shoulder. It turns out to be Jacque.*
Jacque: You do not bear weapons of our organization against our allies.

`she brushes the place where he had just touched with her hands`

---

In a room with a large long table, the surface is a large screen, which is also projected in the screen behind Edgar. Gretchen is on this right and Yihan is on his left. 

Edgar: Galei.... *pause* is a nation that welcomes all faiths.
The Order of Lygeia has improve the welfare of the residents of Ixan. But the order has strayed from the kindness of the mother prophet.

*Gretchen and Yi Han exchange nervous glances*

Edgar: Today they have acted against the citizens of Galei. Today, The Order is no longer welcomed in within our borders.

Gretchen: *speaks into the microphone, addressing the faces on the screen* Senators of Galei, we ask of your cooperation in closing down The Order's churchs in your respective territories.

Senator 1: Uh

Senator 2: I cannot. A few months ago, the Order's armies have taken residence here in Ivonne. As per state _ treatise, we have no militia. We are a musical instrument manufactory territory. Since crime rates are so low, we barely have local law enforcement. 

Senator 1: The order's armies are here too.

*half of the senators all nod in agreement*

Edgar: TRAITORS! YOU'RE ALL FIRED! *slams his fist into the table screen and breaks it*

*The projector goes dark.*

---

`Scene: Gretchen and Helga cuddle in bed. Gretchen snuggles into Helga's arm, placing a kiss on the side of her breast.`

Gretchen: For years, we've been relying on the church to help us offer aid to our struggling residents. If we close down all the churches, Galei's social welfare problems will have to pick up the slack. 

Helga: What are the plans for that?

Gretchen: I don't think there is any, that's our government now. With each step we take, we are always three steps behind. `smirks` should have seen the look on Edgar's face when he found out the Roderick had taken hold of several provinces. Some leader of the nation.

Helga: You know, if you want him gone.... I know people

Gretchen: I know `sighs` you know. `Gretchen jumps on top of Helga and kisses her`

`Helga falls a sleep, Gretchen gets up to open her underwear drawer to bring out the vial Zaki gave her in chapter 1.`

---

`Scene: Jacque explains to the ~10 people in the org in a meeting room with a map of Galei and its surrounding areas`

Jacques: Roderick has already secured the regions in of the Northwest. He is planning to move some forces to move down southward to...

Ace: `looks empty eyed` *No where is safe from the reach of the Order's conquest. They destroyed Atonia's city state's independence with their manipulation, enslaved the mountain tribes. But now I am to help them take over Galei too, if I hope to feed Sici and me.* `tears well up in her eyes`

Jacques: Now I know we are assassins and spies, not military commanders.

`Rein looks in Ace's direction`

Jacques: but I want you to offer your talents to the holy generals of the Order.

`Ace blinks her tears away`

Jacques: Now Rein, head to _ and meet with General _. The south has a much stronger local militia than the North, so Kirk you head south to _ with a team neutralize them.
Ace, Helga, I want you two to meet with local churches in the city to make sure they are in full willing to offer us full support if we need them.

Ace: Are you sure, I shouldn't go with Rein or Kirk? I'm a killer not a talker.

Jacques: `smiles` If the conflicts in Ixan continues to rise, who will be here to protect your sister?

`Ace looks shocked that he just blackmaIDLE her`

---

`Ace is home drinking a glass of whiskey as Sicili is making dinner`

Ace: How can you work for the Order, when you know what they've done to our family?!

Sicili: It was a High Priest who broke Atonia. A religion is more than the ambitions of one man, even if that man is presently their leader. `serves dinner and brings to to the table`

Ace: You have a point. One of the tenents of the order adovcates for harmony. How has the order slipped so far from the original teachings of the Prophet Lygeia?

Sicili: Power is an ember, isn't that what mom used to say?

Ace: `smiles` You've always listened to her more closely than I ever did.

Sicili: Those words were for you and Lessa, I was never inline to take her place.

Ace: But she wished you were. *I was never the daughter mother wanted to take leadership, but Sicili would have been a great leader of Ella Famiglia d'Alighieri.*

Sicli: I don't have the heart to be the leader of a crime family. I belong with the Order. Let me come with you tomorrow, when you visit the churches. You'll see the good work we for the people.

---

`Sicili leads Ace and Helga into a small building in a residental area of the city, they enter through the side door which leads to the kitchen.`

Sicili: Father Kalvin?

`Kalvin is carrying large crates of blankets`

Kalvin: Sici, I haven't seen you for a while. How have you been?

Sicili: I mostly help out in the church by the cemetary these days because their after school program grew into summer camp.

Kalvin: It's nice the kinds have a safe place to be, while their parents have to work double shifts.

Sicili: Yes, I'm glad I can help them out. `turns to Ace and Helga` Oh by the way, this is my sister, Vio and her friend Helga.

Helga: Glad to meet you, do you want help with those? `points to the boxes`

Kalvin: Oh yes, please. With a sudden influx of refugees from injured from the protest, we find ourselves short of supplies.

`They make their way to the main chapel`

Kalvin: It is very nice that Father _ from the church in the outer market can lean us some supplies.

`The entire chapel is filled with people made homeless from the cathedrals' construction`

Ace: Are they ??

Kalvin: The people the High Priest stole homes from when he erected his vanity tower? Yes.

Helga: Not a big fan of him are you?

Kalvin: Our prophet, the High Priest's very own mother, Lady Lygeia, preached a faith that belonged within your hearts. Any extravagent displays of piety only a shows doubt in God.

Helga: If the High Priest requested your aid, would you give it?

Kalvin: It depends ... when I took my oath, my oath was to serve God and all its creatures; from it's underlooked humans `looks to the people he housed`, to the badger in the creek, and the dandelions in an arid field. Sometimes my duty calls for `winks at Sicili` a little civil disobedience.

`Knock on chapel door, Kavlin opens. And 5 policemen stand there. One takes a step forward to enter, Kalvin backs away. Ace and Helga look at eachother and step up to guard Kavlin`.

IDLE 1: We have a warrant to search all houses of The Order.

Helga: For what?!

IDLE 2: Weapons.

Kalvin: We are a community center, why would we have weapons here.

IDLE 1: You are allied with The Order aren't you?

Kalvin: Yes, we are a house of faith that follows the Order of Lygeia. But we have no connection to the High Priest, and whatever power play he planning.

IDLE 2: Well then you have no problems with us searching your premise then?

Kalvin: In fact I do! Search warrants, for non-crime scenes are require 3 days notice. 

IDLE 1: `steps forward again and they see all the people housed in a chapel. A few look up fearfully at the officers`

IDLE 2: Father, what is the maximum capacity of this room?

`Pans to a sign that saids 120 human capacity, for fire safety`

IDLE 2: You seem to have at least 300.

IDLE 3: Also this building is registered as a place of worship, and clearly not zoned for residental. And these people look like they are living here.

A woman from the chapel (P1): We are here because we've lost our homes! And *you guys* clearly have done nothing about it?!

IDLE 2: Well the housing department was bombed, don't you know.

P1: That happened what? A few days ago? Me and my fam have been on the street for months!

IDLE 1: Well maybe if you put in some work `strokes her waist inappropriately` you can put a roof over your family.

Ace: `reachs for the dagger ready to defend P1`

P1: `slaps him` Keep your pig hands..

IDLE 2: You'll have to come with is mamam, assulting a Ixan City Law Enforcement Department officer is a felony.

(Litter girl) P2: Big sis!

Ace: `Helga and I can take these slimy swine out easy. But there's so many people watching, and if we fail, if they have backup, with Sicli here, I can't get her implicated by being with us.` You came here to look for weapons? Well?! What are you doing harrassing these people?

IDLE 1: `clears his throat` Right! `turns of IDLE 4/5` You two take this whore and the Priest back to the station. `turns to 2` Call for 2 more teams to help us clear everyone in this chapel out.

`Kalvin and P1 gets lead out`

IDLE 3: `turns out Ace, Sicili, and Helga` If you ladies don't want to get caught up in this more than you've already have, I suggest you leave. 

Helga: Don't lady me!

Ace: `puts her hands on Helga's shoulder and whispers` we should go, we've found out what were asked to.

Helga wants to stay a fight, but she knows Ace is right. They are here on assignment, and getting in trouble with IDLE will just risk exposure of their organization. Once they got back out into the late afternoon sun.

Helga: You two back first, I need a drink.

Ace: We'll report to Jacque tonight?

Helga: `nods, turns to Sicili` Thank you for taking us around. Get home safe.

---

`Helga is sitting under a small table with an umbrella, twirling the flower of her aperol sprits. While Alan takes a big gulp at his stout. This was a bar she used to go by, when she used to work as a government agent with the Hart siblings, and when use shed to be Arend.`

Alan: So they just kicked all the homeless the church has been housing back on the streets?!

Helga: You didn't know about the searches being conducted around Ixan?

Alan: No, I mean I knew some investigation involving The Order is under way. Yi Han has me hacking into their transcation records, and I'm trying to tap into all of the High Priest's calls. But I have no idea what were the commands down to IDLE.

Helga: What do the recrords show?

Alan: It seems like some of the local churches over Galei has been providing informtation about abandoned warehouses, cheap real estate. A church here, definitely keyed the High Priest in on the tenament block on which the new catherdral now stands. 

Helga: Which church is that? 

`As the sun is settling, Alan walks home alone.He passes by the boy playing the violin in the small plaza near his apartment and gets drawn by the song he is playing tonight`

`As Adolf playing transitions to another song, they make eye contact`

`Adolf turns a little, so Alan can see the hankerchief from peaking out of his back pocket.`

`Alan adjusts his own hankerchief in his coat's breast pocket.`

`Alan scribbles his address on a dollar bill, when Adolf closes his eyes again, he drops into Adolf's open violin case. As Alan rises up, Adoft opens his eyes mid song and they catch eachother again`

`When Alan makes it back to his apartment, he paces around his apartment` 

Alan: *On dear Lady! What have I done?!*

`The doorbell rings startling Alan`

Alan: *Did Ada forget her keys again?*

`Adolf stands there with violin case in one hand and nested his other hand in his pocket`

Alan: *Oh yea I forgot she's away with Yi Han on assignment*

`From his pocket Adolf produces the dollar bill with Alan's address. Alan opens the door wider letting him in.`

---

`Vio is at home in the evening, Sicili is still at work. The doorbeel rights`

Vio: Sicili, did you for get your keys again? `she saids as she opens the door. But it's Zaki there instead`

Vio: Oh! Thank god you are ok. I jumped into to help when the fighting broke out, but...

Zaki: I got out ok. Your sister saids you aren't working this evening, and I came to make you guys dinner.

Vio: Why?

Zaki: To thank you, for protecting me ^__^ twice

Vio: But you've already returned the favor by talking to the Nunan for me.

Zaki: Talking? I do that every day. You ran into a burning building to get me.

Vio: `sighs` maybe I should have left you there, then you won't be here bugging me.

Zaki: Oh, I'll still be here. As a ghost, haunting you for letting me die. `makes a haunting ghost impression` "Oh why, Vivi, why did you let me die?!"

Vio: Fine, come in. And never call me Vivi.

`Zaki enters the flat, looks around.`

Zaki: Where's your sister?

Vio: She runs an after school program in church. She's probably wanting for a all too busy mom to pick up her kid. `saids darkly, with a distant glaze coming to her eyes`

Zaki: That's very kind of her to wait with them.

Vio: She tries to keep them distacted from watching the people pass by for ever person that turns the corner, wondering if that's their parent. `staring off into the distant past` Counting people is the slowest away to pass time.

Zaki: I wished my parents will appear around the corner one day. But I know they never will.

Vio: `looks at him knowingly` I know the feeling. I don't know if mine are dead or alive. You don't have to if you don't want to, but if you ever want to talk...

Zaki: Thanks. It's been so long since I ever thought about it. The last time I saw them was a night like any other night. My parents never wanted me to be artist, so when they went to bed. I would sneak into their study to draw. 

---

Zaki watched as his room’s clock struck 23:05, he knew that his parents retired to their rooms at exactly 23:00 every night. On some nights he would make use of this knowledge and sneak off to their study.  He slowly slide from under the covers, and reached between his mattress and bed frame to withdraw a few scraps of parchment and charcoal. 
As he made his way his bedroom door, he crawled on the floor, peering out  through a small crack between the door and the floor. He laid there on the cold bamboo floor, keeping an eye for the flickering of shadows just in case they are still outside in the hallway.

When he senses peaceful  rest has fallen upon his family, he opened the door slowly and creeped slowly into the study,

Their family study was massive, a room which outsized both his parent’s master chambers and his own room.  Every inch of wall space was lined with bookshelves that piled into the ceiling.  His parents were both scholars, granted permission to live in Galei as refugees for their expertise and mathematics and geology.

Zaki lit the lamp on this mother’s desk and started to draw. His parents said drawing was a useless skill, that with the advent of photography there will no longer be a need to capture our visual reality. But what they don’t see is that drawing is not about capturing world, but interpreting its truths.  

He would get lost into the black dust and chalk, of worlds and creatures he conjured from his imagination. He went through may nights, when hours would past like the departure of a trains. In the early dawn, birds would alert him to return to his bed before his parents wake up.
But tonight, it was still dark when a loud thud came from the hallway. With the sound came clambering and footsteps, footsteps which marched uptake stairs to his bedchambers.

Maybe his parents got up in the middle of the night and he didn’t notice.
But these footsteps were more than that of two people. Then he heard the gasp of his mother’s voice.
“Shut up you whore!” came a male’s voice, that was not his fathers.
“These scum does not deserved to even be addressed as the lowest of humans”, said another voice, which also belonged to no one in is family.

He got up, placing his ears against the closed study door.

"Stop, please" came his mothers voice, it sounded as if it was coming from downstairs. He slips out the study as quiet as he can. Hiding behind a large _ in the stairwell. His parents were on the ground of their newly renovated living room. It took them years of saving, but they ever finally able to afford to have an ornate rug shipped from their home country, Thoth, after many years of trying to assimilate into Galiean culture, they were finally able to have one piece of item in their house to remind them of home. How his father's head rested on it,  as a man in a blue and orange jacket held him down. The uninvited guest were five young men. One of them held his mother by the shoulders as she begged from the to leave.

"I said shut up!" he slapped her. "Our country no longer needs leeches like your kind draining our rivers."

"Dirtying our pure rivers," another corrected.

The one holding his father down said, "Edgar. I think it's time for your initiation ritual."

A thin man stepped up, he couldn't be any older than 20. He had messy brown hair and large round glasses. His hands trembled has he held up a hand gun.

"You know you have to do this if you wanted to be part of the brotherhood. What would your father say if he knew you failed."

Edgar pointed the gun, at Zaki's father's head and pulled the trigger. He winced at the recoil, and kept his eyes closed longer. The scent of iron fills the room.

"Noooooo..." his mother breaks free of her captive and rushes to her late husband. 

The man holding his father down steps away to pat Edgar on the back, "Good job. Now we can't leave this nice lady a widow can we?"

Edgar's eyes are still closed, tears pouring down like a flood. His entire face is red as he drops the gum.

The older boy, picks it up. And in one quick moment, shoots his mother through her heart.

Her tears drip to meet her blood, and both of Zaki's parents blood make their marks on the new rug they were both so proud of to finally acquire.

One of them dipped his fingers in mother's chest, and marked Edgar's head with her blood, chanting a phrase in a language Zaki did not understand. After the ceremony the give men left, "Now let's get ruined tonight! It's annoying these fucking Hastuits never have booze."

---

Zaki: and I just sat in the cupboard for the rest of the night.

Ace: Wow `she didn't know what to say. She always struggled to find the right words to comfort people. Instead she reached out to place her hand in his. He squeezed them tight, and they sat like this in the kitchen for a long while.`

`Sicili opens the door!`

Sicili: Hey, sis! That guy you brought home the other day called and he's... `see's Zaki in the dining room and blushes` Oh hi. Thank you for offering to make us dinner, I cook every meal and boy can it get tiresome. Vio's no help; she could barely hold a knife without cutting some flesh off `winks at her sister. Vio giggles and Zaki laughs loudly. Both sisters turn to Zaki confused.`

Sicili: `attempts to break the awkwardness` So what are we having for dinner tonight?

---

Ace and Sicili are walking in the morning towards a church, they are block away.

Sicili: Your friend was really nice making us dinner last night. I'm so glad you are making friends outside of work. I know that's always been hard for you.

Ace: It's weird, with most people I feel awkward. But talking to Zaki just feels natural. 

`Ace checks her pager`

Ace: Helga saids this one next to a boys boarding school, attended by Prime Minister.

Sicili: And she wants to meet her there? 

`The church blows up and tumbles. Ace and Sicili stands in shock`

Ace: HELGA!! `Runs towards the rubble`

---

Ace and Sicili near Helga's bed in the hospital, she has a resperator on. They are in the room with a few other beds. Gretchen rushes in the room.

Gretchen: `angry tears towards Ace` How can you let this happen? 

Sicili: It's not Vio's fault! Helga was already in the church when the bomb went off. If Vio hadn't rush in immediately, we might not have been able to save her.

Gretchen: `turns redder, from the corner of her eye glances up a Ace and whispers` Thank you. 

Gretchen: `knees by Helga's bedside and holds her hand`  Please.
Oh dear God. Please Lady Lygeia, legendary savior who shall rise again. Wake my love, please mother prophet.

Helga: `slowly blinks` Gre... grett.. 

Sicili: She's awake! We should find the nurse

Ace: Let's leave them alone for a minute.

`Ace and Sicili leaves to find the nurse.`

Gretchen hands Helga a sippy cup.

Gretchen: You know, with my salary as the prime minister's advisor and my family's trust fund, you don't have be a hired muscle anymore.

Helga: You mean are asking me to live off the money of the man who likely ordered the bombing and landed me in the hospital?!

Gretchen: I'm sorry.

Helga: `smiles`, it's okay. I just really hate hospitals. `slumps back in her bed a little` Look, I know my job is not the safest line of work, but Jacques was the only one who will hire me, and he pays me well. Well enough for all my surgeries. 

Gretchen: Hel...

Helga: He allowed me to become Helga Rose. Rein has been like a brother to me, and Ace a sister. It's not just the work, it's the people. 

`Nurse walks into the room, she looks at her clipboard`

Nurse: Arend Rosenfeld? Mr. Rosenfeld?

Helga: `hides under the blanket`

Gretchen: `raise her hand to call the nurse over`. Her name is Helga, Helga Rose.

Nurse: Sorry ma'am. `long pause... awkward silence`

Gretchen: What is the diagnosis? When can she go home?

Nurse: Oh! She as a few minor burns on her legs, along with a broken arm. The pharmacy can provide you with burn medication. We'll like to have her stay over night, but we should be able to discharge *Miss* Rose tomorrow.

Gretchen: Thank you.

`Nurse quickly walks off, embarrased`

Gretchen: Did you hear that?

`Ace walks aback in, and addresses Helga`

Ace: I just got off the phone with Jacques. He wants me to look into this church's bombing. It seems to be same type of bomb used on the Department of Housing last week.

Ace: Get well soon! I'll let him know you need some time off. `leaves the room`

`Helga falls asleep`

Gretchen: *That's it! No more Ixan citizens should get caught in this. I'm going to put an end to this ludicrous power play*.

Gretchen kisses Helga, and heads back to her apartment. From ther drawer she pulls out the vial of poison.

---

Edgar is in the PM office drinking coffee as he looks at his map plans. Gretchen enters.

Gretchen: Was bombing of Trinity Divinity Academy your order?

Edgar: Ah reminder my days as a young lad at Trinity. I'll miss the place.

Gretchen: You destroyed your alma mater?

Edgar: The headmaster had been providing funds to the Order. He is guilty of treason.

Gretchen: `completely loses her cool` Since when has in which executions can be held out without due process?!

Edgar: Oh, naive child. The law is for the people, we ...

Gretchen: Never call me a niave child again!

Gretchen: Tomorrow the Secretary will ge my letter of resignation. I can no longer serve a leader who thinks, he is above the law. 

Edgar: When you parents were exIDLE, you were only a congressman of a local congressional district.

Gretchen: _and promoted to be kept hostage, just incase my family comes back._

Edgar:Your entire family could have been barred from office. But now you are a president advisor. My right hand man.

Gretchen: `drops the posion into the coffee as he is ranting and has his body turned away`

Edgar: Well if you really don't want this job, I can't force you to say. If you really want to do good for Galei, your home territory, Ivonne, will be holding re-elections. If you run I can make sure you win. `drinks his cup of cofeee`

Gretchen: I think I'll pass. I don't want to part of your steam machine.

`Gretchen leaves the office. Nervous and incedulous about what she had just done`

---

`Yule is having his room dressed by a nurse-nun`

Yule: *If she got out of being held captive by the church, where's Erik?*

`Flashback: Vio and Erik are sparring in an open field`

`Erik strikes with his spear`

`Ace jumps and lands behind him with her dagger pointed at his back`

Yule: `claps` You are learning how to fight smart. `pets Aces on her head and Erik on his shoulders` Little brother, remember never let your opponent fall out of your sight.

Erik: Guess, I'll just have to a few more eyes

Ace: You can have eyes all over, and still one small brain.

Erik: My small brain is still bigger than your courage.

`Drums sounds, and the church's calvary rolls in.`

`Tribe elders meet them up front, Yule also goes with Ace and Erik behind him.`

Church calvary 1: We are The Order of Lygeia, and we strike to bring order and peace to your lands. Join us in spirit and body to end warfare, to end suffering, to start the age in which man lives in harmony with nature and eachother.

Ace: `comes up front` Lies! `throws a dagger at the speaker` You tear apart nations and families to bring your so called peace!

Tribe Elder: We the Falcon tribe, are proud of our indepdence, our culture, and spirtual practices. We do not convert.

CC1: Very well then

`Church men grabs the elder`

Yule: Wait! He does not speak for us all.

`Erik looks at his brother shocked`

Yule: I've seen enough bloodshed, residents of these mountains are perpetually fighting.

Erik: Brother, you can't possibly.

Yule: Aren't you tired Erik? How many times did we have to relocate? How many aunts and uncles do we lose to the blade of other tribesmen?

Ace: Don't believe in their promises. They will pit tribe against tribe, until we finish eachother off, until we are all gone or too weak to fight, then our land is left of their taking. They will do the same to the proud mountain tribes, as they had done to Atonia!

 Yule: Atonia had lords scheming against eachother to begin with. `turns to the chruch people` Let me fight for peace in your Mission.

CC2: You have seen the light, brother.

Erik: He is not your brother!

CC1: Anyone else?

Ace: I'd rather burn in your so called Hell.

`CC takes Erik and Ace, some other tribes people and slaughter the tribes people bearing arms`

---

`Roderick appears by the door of Yule's room. The nurse bows out.`

Roderick: `looking at Yule's wound` Whoever did that to you knew how to get close.

Yule: I might have let my guard down.

Roderick: I heard you two had quiet a conversation? Who is she?

Yule: Someone from my tribe.

Roderick: Dark hair, full lips, a mountain tribesmen, really?

Yule: An orphan, the Falcons take in all willing to be part of us.

Roderick: Us?

Yule: them

Roderick: Don't forget, all in the order are one clan and one kin, all affliations from before must be renounced.

Yule: `nods` Sir? We announced our presence in Galei by opening fire on its citizens.

Roderick: Unfortunately, we entered with more hostility than necessary. But the situation had fallen out of our control, we did not anticipate the violent protest.

Yule: It was not a violent protest, until Sir _ opened fire. And there was a protest, because Ixanians were made homeless by the erection of our cathedral. What are we going to do with the displaced people?

Roderick: Little pieces to sort out in due time. Com'on we must go to meet our new allies.

---

The new cathedral's grand hall engulfs its guests. Jacques walked in with Ace and Helga on each side. Yule followed his leader to meet up.

Roderick: Shall we? `leads them to another room with a large map of Galei and its surrounding areas`

Rockerick: Our forces have...

> Figure out if Edgar is dead, and how to adjust the plan accordingly

`Yule and Ace look at eachother`

Later oh the side balcony of the cathedral.

Ace: Look at you now... High General. All mighty crusader, fighting for the Order, who has killed your tribesmen.

Yule: Did you know the day, when you attacked us? We were on the move because the Eagal tribe has raided out land? The life mountain people is like that. When resources are sarced....

Ace: I know, I lived in those same mountains.

Yule: No you don't! You didn't have to watch our for anyone but yourself.

Ace: I... had companions `thinking back to her hunting pets`

Yule: When you have mothers, fathers, sisters, and children. You not only have to ensure your own survival and but theirs. And for that you'll do anything...

Ace: So what? You sold out your brother and mother... to the Order? For what?

Yule: To ensure that there will be order! One day, that the tribes can stop fighting because we'll have a greater power to answer to. A greater power to keep peace, to distribute resources evenly, to put a death to our endless tribal warfare.

Ace: And you do so by waging war on other nations!

Yule: It is not war the Order seeks but the order. You know what is scarier than tribal warfare? State warfare. If we don't unify Galei and Cella under one religious order, how soon do you think this new home country of yours will stay in peace with its neighbors?

Ace: You have not lived here long, Galei isn't just going to go to war.

Yule: A real Galei loyalist ex-pat are you? Then why don't you work for your government?

Vio: I..... can't. `long pause` Why do I have to choose sides, if I am not with you, doesn't mean I am against you.

Yule: No, you are right. It's more complicate than that. `smiles` I'm grateful to see you again. I had thought you were dead. Both you and Erik.

Ace: `looks uncomfortable at the mention of Erik`

Yule: Where is Erik?

Ace: `tears swells up in her eyes` The last time I saw him was _ years ago.

Yule: `disappointed` you mean...?

Ace: Yes, after you had betrayed our tribe, they took us....

---

Flashback: Ace and Erik are in a cell

Ace: Here you can have my bread too

Erik: Are you sure, you'll need it

Ace: `shakes her head` in the mountains sometimes I went on days without a catch. My body is made for it, `lifts the bread to his mouth` yours is not.

Erik: Thanks, `takes a bite out of the loaf as Ace falls asleep on his shoulders`
I know we fought a lot, I guess I was jealous how brother had paid so much more attention to you since you've joined our tribe. Maybe it's because he saw you are going to be a much better fighter than I will ever be. Or maybe because, despite your awkward boyish antics, `blushes and looks at her, but she is fast asleep` you are really pretty.

`The door to their cell is opend by the guard, Erik jumps. Ace wakes up.`

Guard: Well.. well love birds. 

Ace stands up quickly with her arms protecting Erik

Guard: So eager to define you little loveboy...  Where are you from?

Vio: `spits in his face`  

Guard: Bitch! `holds Vio's features up` such exotic features. I'm sure some of our captains will take pleasure in.

Erik: Let her go!

Guard knocks Erik to the floor

Ace: Erik!!!! Erik!!! `she continues to call his name as the guard takes her away`

Later we see a man who we assume is a church milita general naked, butt up laying on his stomach and the whole bed soaked in blood. Ace with her hads covered in blood, holding a fruit knife. She pockets the knife and leaves through a vent in the room.

When she makes her way back to the cells, she finds Erik had disappeared from their shared cell. She runs down the hall ways.

Ace: Erik! Erik! `she screams as she frees all the prisoners of the mountain tribes.`

Many of them are still great fighters, and they take the guards on of the church's temporary fortress on.

---

Ace: We stormed the fortress. Well stocked in weaponry the church's army might have been, but they were no match for mountains tribesmen, free and venegeful. War was our art, and we painted murals with the blood of our enemies.

Yule: You still see yourself a tribesmen?

Ace: I.... I have been many things. I was born heiress to warlords in Atonia. Then no one, a phantom in the mountains. You took me in, to be a proud kinsmen of the Falcons of the Mountains. Those years living with you in the mountains were the best I ever had. Now, I am simply me. Protector of my long lost sister.

Yule: Woman of many faces...

Ace: You know? I still think of him, your brother every day. I am not sure if he is still alive, but unless proven otherwise in my mind `quickly corrects herself` in my heart, he still breathes.

Yule: I know it! In my heart, Erik got out of that dungeon alive. Thank you, for fighting for my little bother.

Vio: If I had to work with the enemy, I'm glad its you. You've always been like a big brother in my heart.

Yule: Amonst the Falcons blood is irrelevant. To me you are always family.