 

> Editor notes: It's raining today.
>
> And when they show up at Zaki, it should not be suggesting they are already doing it

"They make kids go to school on Saturdays?" Vio ask Sicili as she was preparing to leave one morning. 

"No, but you know I volunteer at church today." says Sicili.

"With the bombings, and hostile relationships with the police and the Order. I think it best if you take a break from volunteer duty for a while," suggest her sister.

"With all that is going on, I think it's more critical that I go in," rebutes Sicli. "Several members called in sick already, probably also afraid to go to church because of the bombings. They need my help. I understands the risk," Sicili continues. "If something happens, I'll..."

"Put the safety of others before hers." Vio finishes. "You doesn't know how to look out for herself. My sister has a martyr complex!"

"I can too look out for myself!" Sicili exlaims. "I had survived all those years without you. Lessa and I were fine without you." She storms out of the front door closing it loudly.

Vio buries her face in her arms to hide the tears swelling up, and mumbles "but I wouldn't be without you."

Zaki, who just got out of the shower had watched the tail end of their fight. He reaches out to stroke her back, and she begings to sob. It's the first time he's seen her cry. "Shh... she'll be fine."

"I'm suppose to protect her," Vio chokes out.

"And you've been doing a really good job," he assures her.

"It's been my entire purpose, behind every decision, to keep Sicili safe. But how can I do that when she's running into danger?" ask Vio.

"I don't have siblings. But maybe the point is not to keep her from danger, but prepare her to face the danger she'll have to one day face alone." asys Zaki. He wasn't sure if that was what being a sibling was about, but it had been what his father had told him being a parent was suppose to be about, when he saw parents at Galei being over protective of their children.

"If that's the case, I'm doing a crap job still. She could barely take down one attacker. Sicili was never a fighter, she never had it in her heart to go in for the kill."

"And that's such a bad thing?" ask Zaki.

"If you are always too afraid to hurt, then you are always fighting with one hand tied behind your back." says Vio.

"I suppose, that's true. Maybe her strength isn't in her physical abilites, but she can get by because she inspires other to fight for her." Zaki reflects.

Vio chuckles, having calm down. "That she is good at. Did I ever tell you when we were little..."

---

When Sicili arrived to the church, she finds its front gates closed. The pastor wore jean overalls and a faded white shirt, trimming lemon trees in the garden. "Pastor Thomas!" she calls out. 

He looks over and she waves as he walks over. "Sister Sicili! Didn't expect to see you today."

"But isn't it my turn to conduct the youth fellowship today?" says Sicili.

"Oh, you didn't get hear. The mayor has put a mandate to close all the churches in Ixan," he explains.

"What? they can't do that! The state has no right over any religious institutions!" she exclaims. She is uncharacteristically angry this morning. Her fight with Vio left her with an unsettled stomach.

The pastor sighs, "they sure can if they proclaim national security emergency."

"It's so strange to think Galei has become such a lawless place, with no checks and measures for ensuring people's rights." she says.

"You know, the new cathedral is still opened. The police couldn't shut that down with the High Priest's militia posting gaurd there. Maybe you can see if they could use some help, other than their guards, I heard they are barely staffed for other services."

The pastor's son comes up to the gate, and greets Sicili with a shy smile, and turns to his the pastor. "Father, he wants to ask you about the auction." Sicili wonder who else is in the church if it as suppose to be close. To her knowledge Pastor Thomas only lived with his son, in the cabin next to the church.

"You know what? I think I will go to the cathedral to see if they have anything I can do. It's nice seeing you Pastor Thomas and James."

"Even though we are closed, don't hestitate to stop by. I found a new way to make blueberry pie, you must try some next time," says James.

Sicili turns to leave, but instead of heading to the cathedral she turns the corner into the church's side entrance. Luckily, the gates there were still unlocked. She walks through the pantry and hears talking coming from the pastor's office.

"So you are saying you don't know who won the bid for that painting?!" says a voice that belonged neither to the pastor nor his son.

Sicili finds a spot behind a bag of flour, giving her view into the office window. They were talking to a tall man with ginger hair and beard. He was unmistably the High Priest Roderick! 

"She was a nun from the church in Vanir, I think she registered under their address," the pastor explains. "Hold on let me find the record."

"Did she leave a name? What did she look like?" ask Roderick.

"No, she was just number 83," Pastor Thomas answers as he runs his fingers across a row in a large set of binded paper.

"She was middle aged, and from what I could make out creeping under her veil, she has bright hair like yours." James chimes in. "A color like that is not common around these parts, hard to forget."

"Here," the pastor hands Roderick a piece of paper, he copied into. "That's the address she registered her number under. It's likely, they are hanging the painting you are looking for. 'Prophet Rising' a rare find."

"That is if it isn't a forgery," says James. "I heard it was a pretty popular piece circling the black markets a few years back. Only that several cities said they had it, which would not be possible unless some of them were fake."

"Leave that to me to investigate," says Roderick. "Thank you for your help pastor, I'll make sure the main branch allocates plenty of funds to your church next year."

Pastor Thomas rolls, his eyes as the High Priest turns to leave. "No problem, glad to be of service."

'*Why was the High Priest so interested in this painting,*' Sicili wonders as she silently sneaks through the side door back out. 

When she got to the new cathedral, they welcomed her aid. One priest asks if she had been trained for confession duty, and when she says yes, briskly lead her to the confession boxes. "Thank Lygeia you showed up, we don't have anyone sitting behind these boxes today," he said as they walked through the wide corridor. The cathedral was the size of ten churches combined. 

For the first hour, Sicili sat in the dark room, which still smelled heavily of wood garnish. She pondered over the grandeur of the cathedral. Most Lygeian churches were simple buildings, often bought from now defunc businesses. The one Pastor Thomas manages in used to be a bakery. The cathedral was the first Lygeian structure built intended as a place of worship. It incorporated the talent of all the culture the High Priest had brought under its religion. Its foundation had the sound structural integrity of Galeian's finest engineering. It's facade paved and engraved the style of sculptures of the Antonian grand masters. For five years of her childhood Sicili recalls, when a mason artist lived with them in their manor to redo its facade. After school every day, Vio would rush home after school to help him out mixing the colors he would need to paint the carvings. Even though aware of her obligations to take over the family business as the oldest daughter, Vio had always wished that somehow someway she too can become a grand master. The dream died, when their uncle and Lessa had moved in to live with them. And every moment was spent training Vio and Lessa how to murder, to negotiate, to command. Because one day, the two oldest Alighieri children would have to fight one another, and the winner will be chosen as the next leader of the Aligheiri clan. Sicili on the other hand was trained to be a supportive wife. As the only one of their generation not in line for leadership, she will be their family's bargaining chip for alliances. She was glad that while her sister and cousins were learning how to deliver fatal blows with different types of knives, the only knife knowledge she needed to know was where to set the butter and craving knives. But with all the Antonian noble houses crumbled, here in Galei away from their pre-destined paths, Sicili is struggles to understand who she is meant to become. 

"Good morning," saids a voice coming from the other side confession box.

Sicili jolts out of her reverie, "morning. Are you ready to rinse free of your sins?"

"Yes. I guess I should start from the beginning?" the voice was soft, but buried in its depth is the sharp blade of a tribeman's barb. 

"You may start from whenever you chose," Sicili explains. "My duty here is not to from a clear narrative from what you tell me. But cleanse your heart from the words you provide."

"My family lived in the mountains in the Falcon tribe. Fertile lands were so rare in the mountains. We fought with other tribes over plateaus, over caves to take shelter in form the snow. We moved constantly, never spent more than twice turn of the seasons in one place. I wanted a tree that I can point to, and tell my children of the stories my brother and I had climbing it. I wanted land, we could call our own. I was tired of fighting!" the confessor started to choke out tears. 

Sicili knew the strain of waring families too well, it was at this state of rivalry had her fate been sealed since birth. "Responsibility can take such a toll on us."

"Yes, and I wanted to do right for my tribe. But also for all tribes, so no mountain child will ever have to lose a parent in battle again. If we can just all just live in peace. But there was no higher power to ensure that. Brokering peace has never been part of the culture of the mountainmen. So we just fought. Until one day, the Order came offering peace, if we allied with them. I knew that if I joined, I'll be surrendering my own freedom and will to them for a long time. But what is my happiness compared to the safety of hundreds of mountainmen. If I can bring peace to my people, then my sacrifice is worth it."

"Sacrifice a highly over looked virtue these days," saids Sicili. 'The highest value of a lady is her willingness for sacrifice,' her tutor had once said. 

"Thank you sister. I was the only one of my tribe who joined, everyone else, my family and friends, they took away. I thought they would keep them until their conquest of the mountains were over. To make sure they aren't a threat, and return them to Order allotted lands for them in the mountains. But, there was an incident at the place they were held. And all the detainees went missing!" She could hear him making his away through canals of tears. 

"What happened to them?" Sicili asks, and realized she had violated protocol for pushing the confessor.

"I searched the archives all night. There's been no record of that had happened other than a note in saying that fortress is now in operation. I don't know if my little brother is dead or alive. Would we even recognize each other if we passed on the streets?!" the confessor exclaims.

Sicili thought of the years, she and Vio had spent apart after they had been seperated by the bandits. Both wondering if they will see eachother again. When Vio turned up at their flat's door a few years ago, it was as if Lady Lygeia had granted a miracle. They held eachother tightly, Vio cried for hours vowing to never let them part again. It was the first time she had seen her sister cry.

He continues, "He was my little brother! I was suppose to protection him no matter what. And I failed! I... joined The Order to bring peace to the lands and security to the family." He chuckles while saying through sobs, "Ironic, they are now all gone. And I've engaged in multitudes of more blood shed since, than I would have ever had in the tribal disputes."

Sicili tries to compose herself, his confession had made her reflect on the fight she had with Vio this morning. 

"Are you there?" he says in barely a whisper, walking her up from her thoughts.

"Oh yes. Sorry. It's just I have a sister too." Darn It! She had broken another rule, she was not suppose to tell h the confessor anything about herself. Sicili wonders what's wrong with her today. Before this session, she had never broken any rules on confession duty. In her best profession voice, she replies, "the... the goal...It is the goal of our faith is to bring peace to all people before they pass. You have the will of our prophet," Sicili says. "What would she have done?"

"She...," he pauses for a long moment. And slams his fist on the metal screen, leaning in very closely. They were now only several inches apart, separated by the division in the confession box. "I don't know... I want to live by her example. But sometimes... lately the orders I've had to follow. She would not have..."

"Were they orders or choices?" she asks.

"They..." he starts abruptly. "I was. I had to..." He pause again, and was silent for a long while. "Choices. The prophet said, each and every step we take is our free will. Even if we didn't think there is, there will always be another path."

"Maybe think about that next time, when confronted with a choice. Lady Lygeia is dead, the order now follows her son. Who do you want to serve?" Sicili says.

"Thank you sister," he whispers. She could smell the lavender scent of his breathe through the screen. He sits back up right.

"Anytime," Sicili smiles back at him in the dark. The confessor gets up to leave the box. "May the prophet bless your every step," she calls out as the opens the door.

Turning back, he replies "may she bless your every breathe."

Sicili even though her job at the other end of the confession box was to be an objective listener, she couldn't help to feel shaken by his confession. His experience had been so much like hers, his worries were concerns she had in the back of her mind that she couldn't find the words to vocalize. Feeling a little overwhelmed and the need for some fresh air she left she leaves her post to step outside for a few moments. The hallway was almost as empty as it had been when she went into the box, there was a tall young man walking away a few boxes down. He turned around when she closed the door of the box. He wore a commander's uniform of the Order, virgin white trimmed with gold. The padding made his already broad shoulders look even wider, his thin lips opens with a soft tremble. From the way his eyes are swollen and nose pink, she could tell he was the confessor she had been talking to. She quickly turns away from his glaze, she's messed up. The confessor and listener were never suppose to see each other. She rushed hoping there was a path in this direction that will lead to the courtyard. 

He caught up with her, and held her still with a soft hand on her shoulder. "Wait, you don't need to go."

Even though she wasn't suppose to she turned to face him, above his square jaw, his mouth formed an awkward smile. Placing both her hands into his, he holds them up. "Thank you, for listening."

Sicili smiles back, as she looks into his tear drained eyes. 

---

Yule had took the rest of the morning off to collect himself after confession. A little after lunch, an attendant comes to his chambers to announce the High Priest is looking for him. After telling the attendant, he'll be down to see the High Priest in a few moments. He puts on his jacket and heads to the main chapel. Not surprised to see Roderick waiting for him in the office, but he was shock to find Ace also there too.

"Oh good, glad you could join us." says Roderick with both of his arms raised as if going to hug Yule, but Yule knows he will not. "I have an important task for you. Ever heard of the painting named The Prophet Rising?" 

"Yes" says Ace and "No" says Yule simutaneously. 

"Well," Roderick smiles at Vio "I'm glad we have you hear Miss...?".

"Ace", she answers.

"Miss Ace, it was in an auction a few years ago. And it was bought by a church in Varin. I want you two to go there, and find me the painting."

"Sir... High Priest Sir," Ace started. "I've heard of the painting, but I've never seen it. How will we know it's the right one?"

"Don't worry about that, I will be your eyes." He pulls out two maple leaf pins, the maple leaf is the symbol of The Order. "These! Are cameras. I will be able to what you see." He walks towards and pins the maple leaf on Yule's chest pocket. 

"Got it sir!" Yule says with a salute. Taking the other pin from Roderick's hand, he guides Ace outside. 

"I'm still unsure about this mission," Yule confesses as they are walking down the cooridor. "Even if he has a camera to confirm the painting, how can we verify it's not a replica?"

"Hmm, I think I have an idea." says Ace.

---

"So who is this person that lives up eight flight of stairs?" Yule ask as they reach the flight set of stairs to Zaki's attic flat. 

"Oh, uhhh... just a friend, who is an art forager," Vio says. She is uncertain if Zaki and her friends, something more or less. 

After a few knocks Zaki opens the door, leaning on the frame with one arm above his head and the other on the band on his boxers, says in a low voice, "Hey, got your page."

Vio realizes she should have provided more context in her pager message to him, which just said "I need you", because his hair dripped wet and wore nothing but his boxers. Zaki realizes something too; she did not come alone.

Yule reach out his hand, "Greetings. I'm Yule _ of The Order. I heard you were an expert on famous paintings?"

Zaki scans Yule in his crusader uniform, and reluctantly shakes his hand.

> Turkish coffee

Vio hands Yule a cup of coffee as he sits on an easel bench, as Zaki goes to put more clothes.

"Sorry, there's much not in the way of furniture," Zaki apologizes as he dries his hair with a towel. "I don't frequently have guest over."

"That's fine, I've been on the road for years. This is more comfortable than the logs," Yule reassures him.

"So we are looking for painting," Vio beings. "The Prophet Rising, ever heard of it?"

"Of course. I've painted dozens of those. I can finish one of you in a few days if you want." says Zaki.

"That's not why we are here," Yule explains. "We think we might have a lead on the original. But we need your help to see if it indeed is the original."

"Seriously?! I heard it's been lost for years." says Zaki. "That's how I've made so many for the black market, every rich asshole thinks the are the only one who has the real thing."

"We are going to Varin to track it down tomorrow," says Vio. "Will you come with us?"

"I don't know," says Zaki. *What is Vio doing with this crusader?! Why is she working with the Order? She hates them more than he does,* he wonders while he never had been directly hurt by The Order, he does hold some mild resentment towards them. It is their forced religious conversion that made his parents relocate from their homeland to Galei. In Thoth they were respected professions, in Galei they were but second class citizens. "I need to think about it," he finally says.

"Well our train to Varin departs at 9 tomorrow morning," says Ace. "If you do want to help, meet us there at 8:30."

Zaki nods and walks his guests out.  After they left, Zaki goes to place the coffee cups in the sink. As he was washing there was another knock on the door.

"Vio, did you forget something?" Zaki says as he opens the door, but instead of the raven haired assassin, standing on at the other end is a tall man in the black suit. "Agent von Detten, I wasn't expecting you to ever reach out again."

"While there was unprecedented complications on your last assignment, the president thought you did an overall good job on it. He would like to employ your services again," explains the agent. "May I come in?"

"Oh, yes. I just made some fresh coffee, would you like any?" asks Zaki as they both step in and Zaki closes the door.

"No thank you, I try to stay clear of caffeine," says the agent as hey lays out a files on the kitchen counter and a few photographs. "We need to you to investigate some missing shipments. A few weeks ago, it seems that several trains carrying food and coal were raided. It's happened twice this month."

*'Wow, not wasting anytime.'* Zaki thought. "What information do we know about who raided the trains?"

"Nothing at the moment, but we do not it happened sometime after the train passed _ and before _. So it could be around _or Varin, and maybe even _. But we don't know where for sure yet."

"Did you say Varin?" ask Zaki, amazed at the weird coincidence of today.

"It could be, or any of the surrounding towns. You may need to go down to the cities and towns to check it out any check it out." says the agent.

"I'll take on this case," says Zaki. If he can help Vio and also get secretly paid for it, who is he refuse?

The agent then slides the few photos towards Zaki. "The crates that were stole looks likes these."

---

By the afternoon, the rain had lighten up. After leaving Zaki's place, Vio and Yule part ways. She walks home alone, relutant to go home. She hopes Sicili has returned safely, yet she also didn't know what to say to her sister when she sees her. She didn't know how to convey to Sicili, how important is it to her that she stays safe. Vio recalls the first time she ever saw her younger sister.

== flashback ==

Illyria had given birth to her second daughter, a few hour ealier. After resting, she was eager to hold her new child. As she cradled her baby, her older daughter entered into the nursing chamber.

"Mum," Vio saids softly. This was the first chance she got to speak to her mother in months. Labor was the first time Illyria had not been working in years. Illyria smiles at her older daughter, as she walks to her mother's bed side.

Vio peers through the terrycloth bundle, "she's so small ... and pink."

Illyria chuckles, it was the first time Vio recall seeing anything but a stern expression on her mother's face. "You were just as small when you came out. Hmm maybe not as pink."

"What's her name?" Vio ask.

"Sicili, she will pave our way towards peace. Our bridge, our little dove," Illyria says.

"Does that mean you won't have to go away so much anymore? If there's peace between us and the other families?" ask Vio, how she long for her mother to spend more time at home with her. She knows her parents have to go away because of disputes with other families.

"Only if you protect her, keep her safe at all times," says Illyria.

"I'll protect her with every drop of my blood!" Vio promises with the pump of her first.

Illyria reaches out to pat her older daughter's head.

== end flashback ==

When Vio opened the front door, the scent of basil perks her attention. Sicili was already home, and had been cooking dinner. Sicili turns to her and starts, both sister said at the same time, "I'm sorry." They both paused for a moment.

"Look, I realized that becuase of a promised I made to mom I've been over protective of you to an irration extent," Vio explains. "I keep on thinking that if I can keep you safe, she'll come back. It's just you're all I have left."

Sicili nods, "I shouldn't have ran out on you like that. I know you are just trying to do your best to protect us."

"You and Lessa, when you came here. You started a life here, you made friends, became part of this city. And I live in the shadows," Vio reflects.

"I'm not all you have," says Sicili. "I know it's hard for you to make friends. But you are slowly getting here, hasn't Zaki been around a lot lately?"

"Yes, I guess," Vio says softly. The two sisters are now close enough to eachother to embraces.

Sicili pulls her older sister close to her. "Maybe if you start letting your guard down, and trust people, friends wouldn't be so hard to come by."

"I'll try," says Vio.

"That's enough, trying is all it takes," says Sicili. The Alighieri sisters hold eachother for a while. When they let go, Vio washes her hands to help out with dinner.

---

This morning had the particular brisk chill only present after a long rain. Vio paced nervously around the waiting area of the train station.


"Do you think, he'll turn up?" Yule asks with a puff of air from his breath forming a small cloud. It was a quarter past their agreed upon meeting time. In 15 minutes their train will arrive.

"I hope so," says Vio. "Either way, we get to go to Varin. The town is known for its manufacturing of quality knives!"

"Oh now that you mention it," says Yule. "I've seen some soldiers with swords produced from Varin steel."

At 10 minutes before 9, Zaki arrives. "Sorry, I wanted to get us something for the road." He holds out a brown bag filled with freshly fried beignets and a tray of coffee cups.

Vio gives him a disappointed look. "You got held up by pastries?!"

"I wanted to make a good impression to you friend. Anyway, it's not like the train is on time anymore. Not like they used to be on the kid on the dot."

Zaki was right, the train was late. The three of them stand on the platform quietly eating their skipped breakfast. As her work mostly happens at night, Vio is normally preparing for bed around this hour in the morning. Yule breaks the silence, "so what did you say about the train used to be on time? I thought Galei prided itself for its punctuality."

"The railways are no longer government owned anymore," says Zaki. "About a decade ago, they sold it to private management. Ever since then, no more promises of punctuality. They keep raising the ticket prices too while providing us progressively worse service."

"What other entities are no longer under government control?" Yule ask.

'*He's fishing looking for ways The Order can undermine Galei,*` Vio notes uncertain if she should redirect the conversation. While she is not fond of the current ruling bodies, she doesn't really want to see the only place she and her sister have been able to call home in _ years fall under The Order. Before she could say anything, the train finally churns up to the platform.



The train cart the got on had only five other passengers. The seats were made of a faded chestnut colored leather, arranged in clusters of four around a mahogany table in the middle of the pair of seats. There was a couple sitting across from each other, each had a briefcase next to them and a stack of papers on their table. The woman quietly read line items of a folder as her partner checked them off. 

The other occupied cluster had three passengers, two older women with headdresses covering their faces leaving only their eyes visible. With was a young boy who had been wandering the compartment before the Ixan passengers got on, when called back to his seat, he pleads "when will we get there?!"

Yule chose a set of seats near that group; Vio and Zaki joins him. In five minutes the conductor welcomes the new passengers a broard. He mutters a string of stops a head, that they couldn't make out through the static of the speakers. A whistle blows outside when they finally depart from the station. Leaving the city behind, the clock tower and the cathedral fades. Four story dwellings turn into old warehouses, and then into barns. As the roll through the golden wheat fields, Vio falls a sleep. Her head tilts to rest on Yule's shoulders. Zaki raises his eyebrows at the crusader, who gives him the most clueless look he can muster. 

"The Prophet Rising," Zaki starts. "I've painted it a dozen times. But what exactly is the story behind it? Why is it so coveted?"

"I did some research last night on it. It was suppose to be painted on the night the late Lygeia's spirit entered a dying woman's body to give her last and finally prophecy."

"The finally prophecy...? I wasn't raised in a household of the faith," Zaki explained.

"It's okay, I wasn't either." says Yule. "How much do you know of the faith and how the Order came to be?"

"Vio's sister told me, that we are all part of this planet's cosmic energy. When we die, our souls are suppose to rejoin with the cosmic energy. But we could only rejoin if we pass away in peace. And if we can't rejoin, our planet will fail to regenerate. And that's how The Order got started, its founder travelled across the lands to bring peace," says Zaki as if he is reciting from a textbook.

"Yes. Traditionally the faith for hundreds of years had encourage detachment. That the best way to peacefully rejoin with our planet is to let go of pain and suffering. But Lady Lygeia recognized that for most people, it would be near impossible." Yule explains. "Instead of adapting one's mindset to the injustices of the world, she sought to end the injustices of the world. She travelled far and wide to provide food for the starving, negotiate peace between warring factions. She became so revered in some places, that they believed her to be mystical. When she died, some believed she will rise again to lead the world into serenity."

"And that actually happened, she rose from the dead?" ask Zaki.

"Well, we only accounts from a few, one of them being her children, The High Priest Roderick and his twin sister," says Yule. "They were at a noble's household, Lygeia's daughter was attending to the consort who was severely ill. But it seemed like there was no hope for her, just when we though she had passed, she rose from her bed, eyes glazed over. The woman decreed that the only way our planet can be saved is if all its inhabitants fall under the same holy order. Faith will mend all factions. And then she fell back down, never to speak nor breath again."

"Wow, and that's what the High Priest is trying to carry out...." Zaki concludes.

"Yes. He wants to carry out his mother's dying wishes. Apparently an artist was there in residents at that time, and he painted the scene. That painting illustrates the origins of the Order, because even though Lygeia reformed the faith, the organized entity of the order didn't exist until Roderick took on the mission of her prophecy."

Just then the train comes to a stop, and Vio awakes from her nap. The two women and the child stand up to get off. A small crew of people in unassuming grey clothing replace them. The only thing remarkable about these passengers is they were all carrying weapons. Some had rifles and others had long swords. One of them with a sword nods at Zaki. He wasn't sure if it was someone he was suppose to know. Maybe it was someone he had a one night stand with? He nods back, wry to offend a stranger. 

"You see that?!" Vio perks up, startling Zaki. "That's a Cavan sword, it's blade made from Zwei Co. which is in Varin. I wonder if they have factory tours. Maybe we can go after we find the painting."

He sighs in relief glad she hadn't notice his interaction with the stranger. Then again, physical subtleties, such as eye contract and nods aren't interactions she is well versed in, so he didn't have to be worried. "I wouldn't get your hopes up. With the weapons industry struggling over the past decade, many companies have significantly downsized."

"Now that we are in Galei, The Order will fix that," says Yule. Vio shifts uncomfortably at his promise, at little too aware of what reviving the weapons industry in Galei entails. Their journey proceeds with the three of them in relative silence, afraid to say anything that might shake their brittle alliance.

The train finally arrives at Varin an hour before noon. The town rested the valleys of a small mountain range. Around the train station is a bunch of closed down shops, which once cater to visiting business people visiting the factories in Varin. Now the only business that remains is a convenience store, selling bottled beverages and stale bread.

Yule studies a map of the region. "According to Roderick, the church should be on the northeast edge of town." He points to a small hill with a few houses on it, one of them had a golden cross on the side of its chimney. 

For a small industrial town, Varin had as surprisingly well structured grid. Vio is relieved that they have no need to ask for directions. First she hates having to ask for help, second verbally interacting with strangers gives her the jitters. They make their way through long blocks that stretch for _. Most buildings were slabs on concrete, unadorned except chipped paint which labeled them as "D1", "Mess hall", "Refinery 2", pragmatic labels for the campus of a manufactory. Every few blocks where company campuses meet there is be a group of shops. But most of these shops like those around the train station are permanently closed. Few people are on the streets; not-yet school aged children plays inside and around the closed businesses. Some wearing clothes too big for their little bodies, while others wear clothes they have long since outgrown. Most of them had no footwear. A small girl in an oversized shirt which she wore like a dress, runs up to Yule tugging at the bottom of his cape. He bends down to meet her eye, her wrist had a bone protruding out from an awkward angle, probably an injury not set right, the mistake made more prominent by her thinness.

"Sir? Can you spare some change?" she asked in a high but coarse voice. Vio and Yule reach for their pockets to grab some money, but Zaki gives her the whole bag of beignets they had brought with them from Ixan. She plunges her face into the bag inhaling the sweet greasy fragrance. "This is heaven!" Looking up at Zaki, she thanks him and returns to her group of friends. Running up to a tanned skin boy a little older than her and stuffing his face with piece of beignet. "Hey Erik, check this out!"

"Wow, I've never tasted anything so..." says Erik. "We should save some for mom." The girl nods in agreement.

To Vio's disappointment none of the factories seem to be opened to tours, in fact few seem to be opened at all. With only two factories in operation, Varin's skies look pristinely clear. The smoke the rose up from the factories quickly carried away by the wind. There was an antique weapons shop, Zaki pointed out to Vio. "Let's check it out later?" Vio nods excitedly.

The residential neighborhoods were slightly more lively. Working age adults napping on the front stoops. Many houses had plotted herbs bursting out of their window sills. Some had tomato vines entangled through their mesh awning. But the valley climate known for its erratic cold droughts, made gardening difficult and many plants withered away. The church on the hill too seems to be trying to engage in the town's new found gardening craze, and like the rest of the towns folk had little success.

The church was two story house, made from left over concrete used to plaster some of the factory buildings. When Vio knocks on the door, as Yule adjusts his video camera pin. A short middle aged woman with wavy bobbed hair answers. She looks at the group with bewilderment, and reluctantly says to Yule. "What business brings you here?"

Yule reaches his hand out with a smile and introduces himself. "I'm a brother of the Order. On behalf of the High Priest, I would like to speak with the pastor of this establishment."

She rolls her eyes in annoyance. "I am the pastor of this church. And the answer is no. The people of this town are already starving; the church in Varin not partake in your holy war to tear apart our country apart."

"I'm sorry to hear, that but I am not here to inquire about your allegiance," Yule says quickly hoping she won't just shut the door in his face.

Just then a young disciple comes up to to the door, "Pastor Mirka, you have a phone call from..." he stops short the moment he notices they have company.

"I'll go take it. You watch our guest," she says and she sprints off to a door behind the stage and podium.

The disciple introduces himself as Havel, and invites them in to take a seat in the pews. They awkwardly sit, feeling as if they are in a house they aren't truly welcomed in. "Sorry, the pastor is not the most welcoming, she has been overloaded lately. A large factory recently shut down and laying off thousands in our town. We are struggling to support our community."

"It seems large shutdowns are affecting many industrial towns. On our walk from the train station, it seems that small businesses have been shut too," Zaki comments empathetically.

"Those have been long gone," says Havel. "It started with the rise of the companies that decide to grow their factories into all inclusive campus, with meals and services included for themselves and their families. And now with those campuses closed, it's like a majority of our town is land of just gravel and concrete."

"Why don't they just repurpose their businesses?" ask Vio. Zaki and Yule looks at her surprised she spoke up. She continues, "Varin is known for its steel work. Blades are useful in many things. You can make kitchenware gear."

"I guess, that would be a plausible approach," contemplates Havel.

"We would never be able to sell to kitchenware companies at the scale we should to weapon companies," saids a familiar voice.

They all turn to find Pastor Mirka has returned from her phone call. Addressing Yule, she says "The High Priest informs me that you are here for Prophet Rising?"

Yule nods. Pastor Mirka instructs them to follow her. They follow her through the church to find half a dozen people in the kitchen and pantry preparing meals.

"This does not put us in support of the Order," Mirka says firmly as they go down a stairwell from the kitchen down to a cellar. "But the High Priest offers a generous price for this, and right now our church needs all the generosity we can get."

In the cellar there are crates of supplies, Zaki notices the labels on them are the same as the crates the agent showed him. In a corner is a black glass case, Mirka opens the case to reveal the long lost Prophet Rising. Yule angles his chest so the camera can pan through the painting. When Mirka looks away from the group to confer with her disciples, Yule presses in earpiece closer in, "What?" he whispers to Roderick on the other end.

"Pastor," Yule says. "I was wondering, is the nun who purchased this piece still working with you here?"

"No, I'm afraid she is no longer with us," she says mournfully.

The sounds of something loud breaking on the other end shocks Yule's ear with the earpiece. Vio turns to look at him with a questioning look. "Just high altitude headache," he says. "What happened to her, pastor?"

"She said she had other places that needed her left. Some disciples still keep correspondence with her, last I heard she's somewhere in Atonia." says Mirka. "So do you want the painting or not?"

"Oh, yes. Zaki?" says Yule. Zaki looks up from his pager. "Can you take a closer look at this?"

Zaki walks up to the painting, running has hands through the edges almost touching it but careful not to. They spend the next 15 minutes watching Zaki inspect the painting.

Another disciple dashes down the stairs towards them, "Pastor. Outside! You have to come and see this!"

They follow him back upstairs. When the reach the main hall, through the windows they could see the church is surrounded. Varin's officiers surrounded the building, but amongst them where the armed men and women wearing dark gray that had come on the train in _. Zaki realizes why the woman on the train nodded at him, "It's the President's private security crew."

The sheriff over a voice amplification device announces, "we have a warrant to search this establishment, under suspect of grand robbery."

Mirka turns to them, and also many volunteers who have stopped their tasks to see what is going on. "Everyone say inside, I'll deal with them. Lock all entrances, and when I walk out that front door. Lock it too."

They all nodded, while some are uncertain of her plan, no one dare defy her orders. She walked out the large doors of her sanctuary to face the sheriff. 

When they locked the front door, the Roderick calls out to Yule through his head piece. "The President's private protection, didn't expect you'll have to face them so soon."

"Well, I suppose if we face them now we won't have to later?" mutters Yule as he draws out his sword.

"No!" says Roderick. "Don't that that's all the guards he has. You are my best soldier, but don't think you'll even stand a chance again them. They are trained to defend, just to kill anything that gets in their way. You are too valuable to lose, you are like a son to me."

Yule's heart jumps a beat, since he has sold his family out by joining the Order the Roderick had been the closest person to a family he had in a long time. "Then, what do you suppose I do?"

"I've been to this church many years ago," says Roderick. "I know's a secret tunnel behind the meters in the cellar.  It should lead you into town. Take the painting and go."

"What about everyone else? There's people working in this church? If the force is as you say they are, everyone will be slaughtered." ask Yule.

"They'll be the perfect distraction for the police and force when they break into the church. Your castrating assassin friend, should hold them off long enough for you make your escape." Yule can't see Roderick, but he could picture him smiling at the other end, please with his own genius plan. "Let their chaos be our salvation," says Roderick with pride.

"I don't know if I can...? It's not what Lady Lygeia would do," says Yule trembling.

"My mother is dead. I don't want you dead too. Please, The Order needs you alive," begs Roderick. "I need you by my side." Here is his new father, willing of sacrifice the lives of dozens of innocent people to have him saved. Would his own birth father done the same? His own birth father died at the hands of another tribe. Maybe he would still be alive, had he been willing to trade his tribesmen's lives.

"Hey look! The townspeople are also here!" Vio calls out, she had been watching pastor and the sheriff negotiate through a window. Outside surrounding the police and the President's security force are men and women of Varin, each bearing some very sharp items of their own. But from the way they held them, Yule is not sure they all know how to properly use the every weapons they make.

"Why are you helping them?" ask Mirka motioning the President's task force. "You a resident of this town should know why you can't lead them in here. You who have not been paid in a month, have been bringing your wife and children to our soup kitchens."

The sheriff sighs,"executive orders. The President himself called. And turns out he can back pay me and my men and then some more. Something the citizens of Varin can no longer do."

The pastor turns red, no longer able to maintain her stone edged demeanor. "That's what this all about?! Someone throws you a treat and you betray your own people?"

"It's about looking out for my own team," the sheriff righteously clarifies.

A woman with an infant strapped to her back, cleaver in one hand and butcher knife in the other yells. "You were elected to look out for all the people of this town." The entire crowd of chants in agreement. The sheriff turns his attention from the pastor to the people.

"Oh, and I forget to mention," he says. "The people responsible for robbery of supplies from the trains heading into Ixan will be found and convicted."

"You've turned a blind eye to the robberies," says a man. "You who as our pastor has described has benefitted from the robberies yourself."

"It does not change, the fact that some of you guys committed a crime," says the sheriff.

A thin frail old man comes forward, looking up from his glasses. "Civil disobedience. It is not a crime, to violate the laws on an unjust system. It is our moral obligation."

The sheriff stares down at him and motions his officers, who handcuffs the old man. "Henri, you were always my favorite school teacher. I'm sorry, but you are under arrest for conspiracy to commit grand theft against the state." He turns to the crowd, "We have our first suspect, and I will find you all."

"Sir?" a fifteen year old comes up. "I partook in the train robberies. If you arrest my teacher, arrest me too."

"Me too," says another man dropping his weapon. A bunch of people in the crowd follow and all surrenders to arrest.

"Our town jail has twelve cells; see if you can contain us all," spats an elderly woman. They arrest her for assaulting an officer. "Officer my  guts. You're no officer, you've ceased to be our sheriff the moment you stopped protecting us."

Everyone in the church watches the situation unfold. Vio squeezes Yule and Zaki's hands. To Yule, with tears in her eyes she whispers "anhki". The word for brother in their mountain tribe's dialect. "I've never seen anything..."

"Yule! Excuse yourself." Roderick calls on his earpiece. "Now might be the chance to make your escape."

Yule jumps in shock, and completely forgot the High Priest has been watching everything unfold from Ixan. "Yes, I know what I have to do," he says quietly as he unclips the earpiece, mic, and camera from his body. Placing them on the floor, with one gentle step crushes them under his boot. He turns to the people of the church.

"Brothers and sisters of our faith, before they turn their attention to us. You must get to safety, this town needs you and your dedication to serve its people. I can guided you to safety." he announces. 

They turn to each other and mutter in confusion, and some in realization apparently the tunnel out of the church was not such a secret after all. 

Yule turns to Zaki and Vio, "how long could you two hold them off when they come knocking again?"

"The police I can single handedly take down," says Zaki confidently. "Not sure about the task force."

"I can take them. We've faced scarier warrior tribes together that those before, right brother?" Vio says with a wink. How can he forget, Roderick is no longer the only one he can call family.

Yule leads the church volunteers down the cellar, as Vio and Zaki prepare their weapons.

By the time, they found the entrance to the secret passage, they could hear loud shattering of glass and smell burning oak. The sheriff must have exploded the entrance door. He wondered if Pastor Mirka was still guarding it when it happened. While she had been nothing but cold to him during this short trip, he still admires her bravery and kindness. 

As they pass The Prophet Rising, one of the volunteers ask, "do you want me to bring the painting?"

"No," says Yule. "Your safely is more important. Look when you reach town, gather any remaining people. There should be a train out of here at 4:30, take them all with you."

When the last volunteer goes through the escape passage. He closes the door, and brings the Prophet Rising, which coincidently perfectly covers it. They don't know there's many people are inside the church, and if these crates what the officers are looking for they won't bother with the painting. He returns upstairs to join the fight.

---

While the Varin police had been busy arresting its citizens, the President's task force burst through the windows of the church. Zaki regrets taking on this job, no amount of pay was going to be worth the harm this task force will inflict on its citizens who just wanted to survive when they find the stolen stocks in the cellars. He stands crouching with his back to Vio.

Vio whispers, "if anything happens to me take care of Sicili."

"I will." Then they part, striking the assailants of the task force.

The woman who nodded at him on the train rushed up to him and asks, "where is it?"

There was no benefit in prolonging this fight, he answers "down in the cellar." She and another member take off to find confirm his report as Vio continues to fight. She is surrounded by seven. Zaki throws a star at one of them and yells to Vio and the task force "stop, we need to do this!" But she charges for another task force member, and they enclose in around here. Either she didn't hear, or.... she couldn't hear. Her eyes were glazed pupils gone, only pearly while. When they got close enough she twirled holding out her long dagger. It slashed those surround her in their torso and stomaches. More of the force member came at her, she stains her coat in their blood. 

Zaki realized they were no longer alone, the rest of the towns folk had been pushed into the church by the police who also game in through the exploded front door.

---

Roderick makes it up to the kitchen from the stairs to find two task force members running there. Not wanting take the chance of them discovering the entrance, he must keep them from entering the cellar. With his sword already join, he parries with the woman who also holding a sword. He dodges a gun shot from the man with a rifle. The woman uses his opportunity to strike when she is above him, he rolls out of the way. Grabbing a frying pan as a shield when the next shot is fired, through some dumb luck the bullet ricochets into the swordwoman's leg. She drops to the ground along with her sword which he catches and puts away his own. "Varin steel they say," inspecting the blade. He meets the gunman's eye, all he has to do is get close enough. A rifle is no use when you are in close range combat. With a frying pan in one hand and a new sword in the other, Yule charges. The sniper accidentally backs into a counter spill a large pot of soup, he slips. Yule close enough now takes the man's rifle and with its butt knocks him unconscious. 

From the main hall, he hears Zaki yell. "Vio stop! Stop!" Forgetting he about the bleeding agent on the floor, he rushes out to check on his friends.

The immaculate while of the church's main hall was dyed red. The blood of task force, the blood of the Varin police, and the blood of Varin's citizens who fought for their town; all of it stain Vio's hands. Zaki sat on the held her shoulders, as she breathed heavily, but with each breath slowly down.

"Vio?" Yule calls out gently as he walks up to her. She looks up at him, her pupils gone, and glaring up at him in her shiny white eyes, he could almost see his own reflection. He takes her hands in his, he'll have to ask for a new pair of white gloves when he gets back. "It's okay, the battle's over." Her grey irises slowly fade back in.

