The sun rose too early, every day for Alan, especially today. He did not want to leave the comfort of his bed and his company into the brisk autumn morning. Alan let his fingers slide through Adolf's blond tresses. When he leaned in to kiss him, Adolf's lashes fluttered ticking Alan's cheek. Adolf followed the tickles with a light peck, and slowly opened his eyes. They caught each other's lazy hazy eyes.

Adolf turned slightly away, and whispers "I have morning breathe".

"I don't care," declared Alan as he leaned in for a kiss. At that moment, all of Adolf's masks returned to their unstructured clay forms. For so long, he had not been intimate with someone, where he didn't have to play a role. Where he did not have to put on a form of perfect reflection of someone's desire. Alan had wanted him, morning breathe and all.

"I wish our times together weren't so time boxed and fleeting," muses Adolf.

"What about this weekend, we take the train to Ivonne? Instead of playing for others, we listen to others play for us. Maybe we can even get you a new violin, since the town is is known for the craftsmanship of string instruments." suggest Alan.

"I would love to, but I have to work this Saturday." says Adolf.

Alan looks disappointed, and a small part of him tingled in jealousy knowing that "work" meant that Adolf will be in the the arms of other men or women.

"Hey," says Adolf as he brushes Alans bangs away from his eyes. trying to cheer him up. "We have now," he pressed himself into Alan fiercely, and Alan gripped Adolf back as if he was the edge of a tower. 

By the time they parted bodies, it was almost noon. "Fuck!" Adolf panics, "I'm suppose to meet my madame!"

"You have a pimp?" Alan raises an eyebrow.

"My madame looks after me," Adolf corrects. "She sends people to watch over me when I'm out on the streets."

"So she can count your patrons and knows how much of a cut she deserves." Alan theorizes.

Adolf ignores his comment, focused on getting dressed. Alan continues, "you know. I know string quartets. You can be playing the violin full-time?"

"I'm also content with playing the flute part time," Adolf winks. "Especially when I get to play with you." He kisses Alan and heads out Alan's room. Unfortunately, the kitchen was not empty.

A girl with auburn hair, and a boy with black hair and glasses are debating the proper ways to make tofu curry. The black haired boy looks at Adolf confused, but his companion smiles and introduces herself. "Hey I see you've kept my brother in late. Did you have fun?" She says with a rethorical wink.

Adolf blushs, well at least she wasn't his wife, as he initially suspected. He definitely had such awkward run ins, especially with the older wealthy men. He wondered which one was worst, finding out your husband has a mistress, or finding out he has a call boy.

"Would you like to stay for lunch?" She offers.

"We can't guarantee it will be good, as you see we are trying something experimental...." explains the boy with black hair.

"Thanks, but I gotta go." Adolf hurries out the door.

A few minutes after Adolf left, Alan goes out into the kitchen. "What were you doing?!" he asks Ada, "I heard you back there."

"Afraid you sister is scared you new boyfriend away?" teases Yihan.

Alan sighed, "she always does."

"Only the best, are deserving of my genius brother." Ada confirms as she pinches Alan's cheek. "Curry?"

"like Nana used to make it?" Alan curiously peaks into the pot.

"Not exactly..." Ada admits.

When they were much younger, they lived with their grandmother in Wickshire while their parents, both diplomats, were away. She would make potato and chicken curry on the coldest of nights, and in the large northern plains there were may.

"Your sister thought it would be a genius idea combine her two favorite foods tofu and curry," Yihan explains.

"Turns out it was a mistake," says Ada. "Like that time when you took Philosophy of Science, when we were at uni."

"Yea, who knew the combination of my two favorite subjects would be so dry?!" says Alan.

"Just like this curry," says Ada. "What you think, should we add more coconut milk?"

"Umm, I'm allergic to coconut," says Yihan.

"Nonsense! Coconut milk always makes everything better!" says Alan.

"That's the truth," confirms his sister.

"Alright, I guess a little won't kill me," Yihan gives him. Ada generously pours coconut milk into the pot. Alan goes to shower while the curry cooks. Half a hour late, the Hart siblings and Yihan sit at the table tentatively stirring their late breakfast around. Yihan takes a small sip, *yup, this is definetly too much coconut milk!* But not wanting to be rude after all the hard work Ada has put into this, he tries to eat what he can before he inevitably will get nauseous.

"So," starts Ada, "the boy that just left. I swear I've seen him before."

"You probably have," says Yihan. "He's the street musician a flew blocks down. I pass by him all the time on my way here. He's pretty good."

"Yea, I know." says Alan. "Good enough to be in a concert hall, and I'm gonna try to get him into one. But I need your help."

"Who do you want me to talk up for you?" ask Ada.

"I need you two to tail him," he answers. "You see... Adolf... he also. On the side..." Alan pause, trying to find the words, and uncertain how to disclose this sensitive information about his lover.

"He's a prostitute," states Ada. He shouldn't be surprise, his sister always had a knack for being blunt and direct with him. She always told him the truth, even truths he didn't want to admit. "Com'on, a pretty boy twirling the fiddle in those shorts?!" she declares.

"Ada, you shouldn't make assumptions about people," says Yi Han.

"No, but she's right." says Alan softly. "And we are gonna get him out of it!"

"Because he no longer wants to that line of work? Or because you don't want him to be?" ask Ada.

"Why would *anyone* want to be in that line of work?" Yihan states rhetorically. "So what's the master plan?"

"It seems he works for a someone," says Alan.

"Like a pimp? Isn't that illegal?!" ask Ada.

"Yea, wasn't there a sex workers advocacy group a few yeas ago. They got the law passed that unless you are the one physically at work, profitting from sex work is illegal." recalls Yihan, whose near perfect memory continues to amaze them.

"So others won't take advantage of them," adds Ada.

"Exactly! So we need to find out who she is and proof that she has been profitting off other people's labor," says Alan enthusiastically.

"Great sounds like a plan!" says Yihan has he pushes his barely touched bowl of curry away and sprints towards the bathroom. 

"Guess, you should have listened when he said he was allergic," says Alan.

Ada fills a cup of water ready to hand over to Yihan and apologize for causing him to throw up.

---



"Alan said we should be looking for someone watching the violin boy." Yihan declares. Ada nods, scanning the low traffic commercial neighborhood. They were a few buildings away from where the street violinist had setup. Tucked in an alley, and her face tucked behind the large collars of Yihan's trench coat.

She was had a knack for finding patterns. Everyone going about their day, had a rhythm within them. Those that didn't must be doing something out of the ordinary. But the enchanting draw of the violinist's strings had made it difficult for her to focus. 

"Do you think.." starts Yihan. Ada put her finger to his lips. "Oh, you know that's not how you shut me up," says Yihan as he steps closer to her pressing back against her brick wall. Her fingers were still at his lips when he opens mouth, the tip of his tongue press into the pad of her index. She pushes her finger deeper into his open gasp, he nibbles on her middle finger as it joins the index in his mouth. Ada knows this was strange, not where she would have guessed their budding flirtation would be going. She's curious to know where this _ yet initimate moment would take them. After all she can't  do much until the violinist takes a break from playing. Yihan had a way of making her let go, the nightmares of the past and worries of the future. There's just now, lost in his mystery, the mystery of this moment, a moment she hope will somehow make sense. Maybe with a kiss?

When strings cease to vibrate, she almost didn't notice. But Yi Han pulls away and they were back their original stances, Ada wonders had she imagined the entire interaction. She scans the streets, once again trying to gauge the rhythms of the day. There as a woman walking with a stroller; a puggy pink-faced sausage shop owner closing his shop for a nap. A man with a crew-cut sitting in the balcony of a tea parlour, with whom the violinist made eye-contract. The man wore a grey tank-top and long cargo pants, he tucked a few bills under the plate of the tea cup, and left the table.

"There!", she motions Yihan by tapping the back of her hand against his chest. "Let's follow him."

---

Unlike greater Ixan with had wide grid streets measured to precision by an obsessive compulsive civil engineer, the city's origins was a maze drawn by a toddler who tapped into his father's brandy cabin. Uneven cobblestone threaten to trip Ada, with every time her boots' heel lands. She begrudgingly accepted Yihan's arm as support, trying to not look like the ones who are is out of place as they followed the man from the tea parlour through these serpentine streets. 

The man walked through the service entrance of an opera house. Luckily the doors where wide open, with stage workers lugging carts of materials back and forth. They followed him up serval flights of stairs, and he walked through a set of velvet curtains into a brightly lit dressing room. Inside were two women, one was an unassuming blonde, who looked no older than Vio by a few years. She was wearing a cream changing robe, and sitting in a chair. Behind her, combing the blonde's hair was the most regal looking woman Yihan had ever set her eyes on. She was a thin middle age woman, with dark chestnut waves and silver roots all tied up in a neat bun. She had a sharp Cellian nose and deep set eyes and bold affirmative brows. She is wearing a deep violet dress, held firm by a silver corset. '*Didn't know people still wore corsets*' Ada says to herself silently.   '*She makes the extravagant ladies of the Great Empire to look like peasants.*' With her perfectly painted thin red lips, she motioned the blonde to leave. "Good luck tonight, Mitzi."

Mitzi, the blonde got up from the chair to turn to the older woman. "Thank you, Juliette."   As she lifted the curtains to leave the dressing room, Yihan pulled Ada into a theater box to hide. Ada blushed in the dark embarrassed for having forgotten herself. The main auditorium was empty, they are in a balcony next to the left mezzanine. The space feels both exposed and private. Yihan's middle finger in the slip between her lips, curious about what it felt like to be on the other side of what they had done, she let her tongue slide down to the pad of his fingers. Yihan adjusts his hands so the tips of his fingers slips into her mouth. She nibbles as his index finger enters. He raises his eye brows.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to" Ada apologizing.

"No, don't be. Please," whispers Yihan as he pushes his fingers deeper into her mouth. She rolls her tongue around his ring finger. Yihan lets out a sigh.

From here they could still hear everything in the dressing room. "Madame Rousseau," starts the man. "I checked with everyone, and they are all in for Saturday night at the Hotel Royale."

"Good, with our clients at the edge of their power, this may be the last card game for us," she replies. "In a month, will they even have money to lose? Or will they be scrambling to escape the country in secret. We don't know. But our trade will always be around in times of peace and in times of war. Here is the key to my office, will you get Mitzi's bond for me?"

"Yes, madame."

"Tonight is her last night, and she deserves to have it in her hands. Remember to mark your time in my account book, so I can pay you later."

---

"So this new boyfriend of yours," Helga said between breathes because she lifting front of a truck. Alan had called her, saying part of his car-jack broke and could use her superhuman strength. Somehow she got looped into spending her afternoon in a small garage the Harts had rented for their "projects". For Alan that was is weird hobby of modifying large vehiles. "you guys are really going to be an item. And it's not a fake out this time?" Neither of the Hart siblings had actually been in relationships. Whenever they got close to being with someone, then their potentail partner always ends up choosing either be with someone else, stay single, or move away. The abandonment always happened so suddenly, one moment they are happy and hopeful, the next one sibling is crying into the other's shoulders for weeks.

"I hope this one is going to be real. I'd beat Ada to be the first to get a boyfriend!" Alan says.

"You guys have a competition?" asks Helga.

"Well, Yi Han promised me that if I ever get a real boyfriend, he'll treat us to _." Alan says as he reachings for a wrench. "Bet he. Thinks I'll. Never. Get a boy. Friend." he states angrying as he tighten the knotch. He rolls out, wiping grease from his hands onto his forehead. "I'll show him."

"Why do you care so much what Yi Han thinks of you?" asks Helga.

"In boarding school we were always in the same classes. He was always a step ahead of me, in grades, sports, well not running I held the school record for that," explains Alan.

"See you beat him in some things," Helga reassures him.

Alan continues, "everyone loved him, did you know he got voted class president for three years in a row?! People tolerated me because I was just funny. Like I was the joke, and I acted like I didn't mind, so they kept me around."

"Did you mind?" ask Helga.

"Who wouldn't mind being laughed at all the time?!" says Alan. "But it was better than being all alone."

"You're not alone, you always had your older sister." says Helga.

"Ada then was too caught up in her notebook of calcuations and theorems to notice. And when she's not, she's too always heart broken over some idiot who took advantage of her firm belief that everyone has some good in them." Alan paused to caught his breath in the middle of his rant. When he started again, his paced his words slower, as if he is slowly thinking through.

"Maybe I am a bad brother. No matter how much I try to keep the assholes away, I let them hurt Ada in the end. I can build big scary monster trucks, but I can't do anything if some jerk decides to run his wheels right on my sister's heart."

There was a long pause and silent sniffles, Helga could tell he is spending more time under the car to blink away his tears. "There is nothing you could have done, Ada will grow stronger from her pain." Helga tries reassure him.

"I'm worried, one day she'll be able to get over anyone or anything. They are never fully gone. Each heartbreak is a brick laid upon the wall around our hearts. My sister, her's is becoming a tower. And nothing will ever matter to her anymore."

"You'll matter. No matter how many beaus and beaux catch her fancy, you'll always still be her number one human."

"I know," says Alan softly.

"Speaking of beaus, tell me about yours." Helga demands hoping to change to more cheerful topic. 

"Well, he plays the most beautiful songs. He's a violinist, who plays near my flat."

"I thought street performers were mostly an Atonia thing. The only Galeian street performers are..." Helga paused, uncertain of how to phrase it without suggesting that Alan's new boyfriend might be a...

"Street walkers," Alan finish her sentence with a sigh. "Yes, he is also that."

Helga didn't know how to respond to this awkward information. May girls like her are street walkers. Had she not been trained to be a field agent as Arend Rosenberg, she might have also found herself in the same profession.

"I'm trying to get him out of it though. I can get him a job with a real orchestra," says Alan.

"And that's something he wants?" ask Helga.

Alan shrugs, "Why would he not?!" 

Just then Ada walks into the garage carrying a large binder, and fanning herself with a few sheets of paper. "Geez, it reeks in here."

Alan rolls out from under the cart. "Halo sis!"

"Guess, what I've got?! Your boyfriend's bond papers! And his pimp's account book," Ada announces proudly. 

Alan looks at her a bit puzzled, not sure how these documents could get Adolf out of prostitution.

"Bond papers," Ada explains "are how pimps get their workers to stick with them. They lend them a large sum of money when in need, and then make them work it off their debt."

"How much was his bond?" ask Helga.

"Let's see a few years ago, she lent him 40,000. Every month she takes 10% off his earnings, plus 7% protection services," reads Ada. She opens the account book, flipping through the pages performing record breaking speed arithmetic. "Wow, now he only owes her 2,300." 

"What?! That's not much." says Alan.

"In fact, we can win Adolf's freedom in one night!" delclares Ada.

"How?" ask Alan. "It's a small sum, but way more than what we have in our savings."

"It seems every month there's a spike in earnings on the third Saturday." say Ada as she flips through the account books. I believe she goes to a secret card games club held at Hotel Royale. One likely frequented by Galei's politicians and celebrities to gain clientele."

"Ah, that's where Adolf is this Saturday." reflects Alan.

"Probably. But did you hear? It's a card game! That's how we won our passage away from the riots and safely into Ixan." says Ada excitedly.

"Well, I suppose we can put your gambling habit to good use," agrees Alan.

"What will you do without me?" says Ada messing up his hair with her hands. Unfortunately her palms ends up drawing a smear of black grease. "Ew."

"If you're are going in making demands with a well connected madame, we'll need some guns." says Helga pulling out her phone. "Unfortunately, I'm have to seen my grandma this Saturday, but I'll get you some knife power."

---

Times when both Alighieri sisters were home, where one wasn't on the way out as the other returns is rare. Normally it worked out alright, because it was not as if they had spent very much quality time together as children. Sicili had her group of friends, and Vio mostly kept to herself. Sicili had been trying to call the building superintendent to fix their stove vent. He told her he'll get someone to look into it, but that was a month and 6 phone calls ago. As they were undocumented residents, there was much leverage nor legal action they could have taken. So she was grateful that her sister finally had some time to look at the ancient machine.

"Will you hand me the screw driver?" ask Vio as she examined under the hood. 

"Philips or flat?" Sicili asked digging through the toolbox.

"Philips please!" 

Vio's phone rang. Sicili went over to hand her sister both her screwdriver and her phone. "It's Helga."

Vio puts the hood down and answers her phone. "Hey. This Saturday, yea I'm off." This Saturday Zaki was going to take the sisters to the butterfly exhibit at The Conservatory. "Alan wants my help with someone named Juliette Rousseau? Who is she?"

Helga briefs her colleague on the whole plan as Vio listens and jots down notes on a cloth napkin. "Well, I guess. Ok, I'll meet them at their flat at 7. No problem, after all the Harts have done so much for us." When then hang up, she turns to her Sicili. "Something at work came up. You guys will have to go without me." Even though this technically wasn't work related, it was probably more work to explain the favors their teammates and these government intelligence officers did for each other. 

"Uh ok. By the way did you mention Juliette Rousseau?" asks Sicili.

Vio raises her eyebrow suspiciously. "How do *you* know her?!"

"Lessa worked for her." Sicili answers casually. "We used to go over to her house during the holidays. Since we had no other family, she treated us like her family. In some ways, she was more of a mother to us than our mother had been."

"Oh," she turns her attention back to the broken vent. Unable to shake off the tight feeling in her stomach. She was going to help blackmail a pimp who was been there for her family when she couldn't be. Would she had said no to helping if she had known? She can't wait to meet the lady who temporary held her place, while she struggled through the desserts and mountains to reunite with her sister and cousin. It wasn't hard for any woman to be a better mother than theirs. She was too busy running the family business to get to know her own daughters. One year when Vio won first place in the regional co-ed martial arts championship, her mother ordered a cake that read "Congratulations Sicili!" Is she about to take down the only woman who was kind to the Alighieri girls?

---

Tonight Ada was away on field work. Alan was glad to have their flat and Adolf all to himself. Alan sets up the table, composed of take-out sushi and a bowl of instant mash potatoes, with shredded turkey ham. "This was your favorite thing from boarding school?" ask Adolf as his wet hair dripped into the bowl.

"Hey, watch the food." Alan elbows him teasingly. Adolf has just gotten out of the shower, because he went immediately to the Hart's after work. Adolf nuzzles his head against Alans neck, getting his shirt collar also soaked. Alan giggles, as Adolf tilts his face up to give him a kiss.

"Hmm, why do you taste so good?" ask Adolf.

"From sampling the mash potatoes," says Alan as he puts a spoonful into Adolf's mouth.

"You're right, this stuff is drugs. Let's eat I could eat a horse!"

"Busy day?" ask Alan.

"A lot of standing mostly," explains Adolf. "With the bombings and riots, there's less pedestrians on a stroll these days. So business has been slow. What have you been up today?"

Alan guessed '*I've been stalking your boss and conspiring to blackmail her*' would not be the answer he want to hear right now. "Oh you know, just boring hacking stuff. The department head is trying to figure out if any of the representatives are going to ally themselves with High Priest Roderick."

After dinner, Adolf heads to the bedroom to put on more clothes that was not just a bath towel around his waist. Even with the fireplace, nights in this city were cold. Alan notices a long scar down Adolf's back for the first time. It ran from his left shoulder down to the back of his ribcage. "What happened there?" ask Alan tracking his fingers down Adolf's bare back. 

"Oh," Adolf pauses for a long moment before finally saying, "it was an accident. Many years ago."

Sensing that Adolf doesn't want to talk about it now, he backed off. Maybe one day Adolf will tell him the story. Some day, they can both tell each other everything.

---

It looked like a tornado sweep from their closets to the living room, shirts, hair accessories, neck ties, shoes were scattered everywhere. The siblings were no where in sight, Yi Han viciously typing away at his laptop."Sorry, I just need to finish setting this one thing in motion," he apologize to Vio who had just arrived.

"Argh! Alan did you borrow my countouring kit again?!" yells Ada from one of their bedrooms.

"Ooops yea," Alan rushes out in a pale lavender dress shirt and pinstripe black slacks carrying a box of make-up. 

"You'd think they are just like you," starts Yihan. "But don't forget, they are just spoiled rich kids."

"I never forget," says Vio.

"Me too," Yihan smile, and continues to hold eye contact for well over 10 seconds.

Vio felt so awkward that she turned away and said facing the toaster, "So, what's the plan for tonight?"

"Ada are going to Hotel Royale's upper conference rooms, where a private high rolling game room is in place. You and I sneak in as service staff, he points to a set of uniforms hanging on the coat rack."

Vio makes a cringe at the forrest green and periwinkle uniforms. 

"Yea, I know. Maybe they make their staff look bad, so they can perpetually be humble. We will be keeping tabs on Juliette Rousseau." He pushed a photo of a regal looking woman. She had not expect the woman Sicili talked about to look so stern. In some way, Juliette exerted a similar aurora as her mother. Both woman had a sense of holding authority with the way their eyebrows set; when you walked into a room, there was no mistake who was in charge.

"And what will Alan be doing?" asks Vio.

"Trying to stay out of sight, since his boyfriend may also be in attendance."

"He's planning to stay hidden dressed in that?!" says Vio with a gesture signalling Alan's extravagent outfit.

"Hey! I've heard that," yells Alan from Ada's room.

"Well for the most part, keeping track of Ada, making she doesn't drink too much, and get into any fights... whe she will ..."

"will be earning 30 grand tonight!" Ada walks into the room wearing a tight emerald dress, it split on her left tight. Her auburn hair rolled into curls that framed her cheeks. Yihan looked at her for a long moment. She twitched a crimson and silver fan around her hands nervously.

---

Hotel Royale was the forth tallest building in Ixan, designed by the Atonian architect Ornella Montagna. It was built on the burnt palace of the old royal family after the Galeian revolution, two hundread years ago. Now it stands perseved as a landmark, popular place to stay for tourist, and it's jutting sattelite top floors had ballrooms and conference rooms which were frequently booked out for conventions and weddings (for those who could afford it). Tonight, it was a private casino. Ada dug her nails into her brother's arms as their lift ascends. 

"Don't worry," Alan whispers. "You just have to do that one thing you are really good at. Winning."

Ada loosens her grip, her mouth a little too dry for words gives Alan a small smile.

"I'll get you a drink once we get inside," he says. They were thankful the couple who shared the elevator with them did not try to make small talk. Otherwise, they would had to make up fake names.

When they finally got off they followed the couple into a large room, completely repurposed for this night. The room was massive, with one wall completely made up of full lenth windows. The sun had set and they can see the city slowly light up. Alan looked around, adjusting his fake beard and tilting his top hat towards his eyes hoping Adolf had not arrived yet. Luckily his lover was nowhere in sight, so he headed to the bar as Ada brought their coats to be checked in. While at the bar he locked eyes with Yihan who was strolling around with a plate of oure-derves. Yihan made his away to Alan, and asked "little necks?"

"You know I don't," starts Alan but Yihan gives him a wink. "Oh yes, thank you."

Yihan reaches a napkin from his pocket, and places an oyster on it to hand to Alan. He leaves Alan to enjoy his snack and continues to make is round about the room.

Alan takes a sip of his drink, looks into the inside of the napkin. Scribbled on it was "Rousseau has a suite upstairs tonight, and all her workers each has a room booked from their business tonight." Alan suspected Adolf then must be in his hotel room. 

When Ada returns he hands her a gin martini and the oyster. In single shots, she consumes both in a swoop and a gloop. "What are you having?" she ask pinky pointining to the flute glass Alan has.

"French 75," he answers. He places his hand on her shoulders, let's start easy.

"Jack it will be, pumpkin." says Ada handing him her empty margin glass with a oyster shell inside as she strolls determinedly to the black jack table. She wins her first $5,000 with ease.

When the conference room door swings open, a majority of tonight's attendees turn to look. It is Juliette Rouseau, she wore a deep scarlet gown. Behind her dress trails,a dozen beautiful women and handsome young men. One of them was Adolf. He has his hair combed back, and is wearing a light grey suit. As a governor goes to greet her, the people behind her disperse about the room. Adolf walks up to a couple, the woman turns to him in delight as he takes her hand and bows to kiss it. Her partner a blond beard man brings him into a light embrace. 

Alan doesn't know who the man was, but the woman he recognize to be Gamila Zaman. She was a Nunan heiress to a oil titan, who used to make the beauty pagent circuits. Her talk stauture and heavy eye brows made her look more mature than she wans when she became the youngest Miss Galei at the age of 15. The country really promoted her because her family had converted to Lygeians, instead of the _, Nunan religion. Now she takes wealthy urbanites in the Galiean cities on meditation retreats into the mountains that border Atonian and Galei.

Curious as to what they could be talking about, and eager to find out what their relationship was to Adolf. He moved a little closer, making sure to position himself at a spot Adolf would not see him through the reflection from the windows.

"I just bought a property up in _," said the man.

"Isn't it dangerous there?" ask Adolf. "They nickname it Atonian bandit land."

"Not since High Priest Roderick has set those barbarians straight," say Gamila.

"So you are in favor of theocratic unification," ask Adolf quietly, aware that this may be a controversal topic for the attendees of his party. 

"Well not publically," says Gamila. "Roderick's militant approach doesn't ring well for my followers. Lygeians are suppose to be pacificst, you know. But personally, you know the Atonians need someone to get them to stop fighting eachother."

"What about the Nunans? Roderick has forced conversions from your people too." ask Adolf.

Gamila sighs, stirring her drink. "Yea, that's unfortunate." She takes an unlady like chug of her cocktail. "But I guess we still need him, Fred here", she motions to her partner as she hands him her empty glass. "is in the weapons industry. They've been counting loses for years. If his company and my father's company can get the bids to manufacture for Roderick's army, we'll be glad to have him on our side."

Adolf smile masking his disbelief that she will let people of her own ethnicity be tortured and killed just so she can her husband can stay rich. "Toast to the high priest?"

"To the high priest," says Fred raising his whiskey, and with his large hand stroking Adolf's cheeks adds. "You should come up with us to our resort in _ sometime."

"Or even sooner, you two to my room tonight. Room 913," says Adolf leaning in closer to Fred. He excuses himself to greet some other friends in attendence tonight.

Alan quickly makes his way to the bar, and makes eye contact with Vio along the way. Or at least he thinks they did, as his friend is avoidant of eye contact, and can be oblivious to those around her. He saw her few times on the streets, when he waved she just walked right by him. Helga explained that Vio was not purposefully ignoring him, but is often lost in her own world. As he ask the bartender for something stronger than his bubbly French 75, he isn't sure how he feels upon discovering that Adolf's clients can be someone as gorgeous as a Miss Galei. There was a part of him knowing the nature of Adolf's work felt re-assured that the other people he was sleeping with was unattractive older men, just like the one Adolf is talking to now.

Adolf caught up with Senator Forney, who was normally stationed out in the border territory of _. He would call Adolf up whenever he was in Ixan for a meeting. Knowing that Alan is investigating the allegiance of all public officials to see if any of them has sided with The High Priest, Adolf thinks this might be a good opportunity to use his connections to help out. "Senator, how long are you in time for?"

"Taking the train back on Monday," he answers.

"Wow, that's quick. Did the President call you in over the past week?" ask Adolf.

"Yea. We are trying to work out an alliance with the High Priest," says the senator. "Though I have a felling that Edgar wants to escalate to a full on civil war."

"Why would..." starts Adolf, but the senator interrupts him.

"At least it will make higher demands of our struggling weapons companies. Galei's main industry is military technology, ya know boy." says the Senator.

Yes, of course Adolf knows that. Everyone knows that, he hated the condescending tone the senator always used to address him. "Yea, I heard we've been struggling over the past decade."

"Every since the Atonian warlords have stopped fighting, we've lost 80% of our business. Galei is no longer the golden nation of innovation and progress as it once was," says Senator Forney. Adolf can tell the senator is getting progressively more drunk as his rant continues. He waves his hands up in the air, spilling some of is beer on the hotel's carpet. "Civil unrest! The homeless! The kids protesting on the street!"

"They were protesting, by the Church buying out their old tenement homes, and many people were made homeless," Adolf tries to explain but maybe it's hopeless at this point. If he hoped to get paid by this man again, he better just shut up and agree.

"But would they have been, if they just stayed in their own countries?! Go home Galei can't support you anymore, we could barely support our own people! Go! The. Fuck. Home!!" by now several other party guess has turned their way to watch the Senator. One of them was Alan and Yihan who noticed them at a distance.

The senator throws his arms around Adolf's shoulders, and slurs. "The world's just a fucking mess. How about we go to your room and forget about all this unpleasantness for awhile."

Adolf gently takes the senator's hand to untangle himself from the older man's embrace. Still holding his hand he looks into Senator Forney's eyes and says, "I'm completely booked tonight. maybe next time when you are in town."

"Cancel them!" Forney demands and grabs Adolf's crouch.

Alan no longer caring for his cover, pounces towards the scene but Yihan holds him back. Luckily Madame Juliette's security detail, 4 men in dark black suits separates Adolf and Senator Forney.

One of them says, "Senator I think you might have enough to drink tonight. Let's get you a room to rest in."

Adolf nods a thank you to them, as they escort his client out of the room. While, he normally likes to remain sober during his working hours. He heads to the bar for a drink.

Alan had been gripping his wine glass so tight throughout this interaction, that the broke it as the stem. And the palm if his hands was now flowing with bright red blood. Ada looks up from her table, she too noticed what had gone done with her brother. She gets up to help her brother, but Yihan gives her a "Don't worry, I've got this look" as the two make their way to the men's room.



The decor of the men's room was all whites and blues, a stark contrast to the golden and violet tones present through the rest of the hotel. A line of sleek silver sinks lined the walls opposite of give large bathroom stalls. From one of the stalls came a moaning, which became muffled as soon as Yihan turned on the sink. The blood died the stream of water flowing into the drains, artistically hidden at the corners. He check Alans hands to make sure there's no glass shards left on it. As Alan tried his hands, and Yihan works on constructing a bandage from paper towels, a young man walks out of the stall. Alan recognize him as one of the people who walked in with Madame Juliette. He walks to the sink to rinse his mouth and wash his face.

"Don't you have your own room to do this in?" comments Alan.

"Yup," he answers. "but some people like to be reminded of the olden days. The cruisin'; the danger." 

"You were a toddler then." says Yihan.

"I never said it was me who wanted it," he says fixing his hair in the with some water. After a long look in the mirror, heads to the bathroom exit. Before leaving he turns around, winking at Alan he says. "If you are interested in seeing my room."

"No, thank you," says Alan. "Good luck tonight."

---

Ada was having pretty good tonight, she's been on a winning streak and earned more than half of their target within the first hour. Meanwhile she isn't sure how long Alan could keep his cool before blowing their cover. She kept a casual eye on his boy throughout the night. And she can swear there were several times when he looked in her brother's direction a few heart beats too long. *'I better finish winning our goal soon, before Alan blow our cover*', she thinks. Hopefully Yihan was able to bandage Alan in the bathroom, it didn't look like was bleeding much, but she was too far to tell how deep the cuts were. At the corner of her eye she watched Adolf leave with a older woman he met at the bar. 

"Miss, it's your turn," says the card dealer to Ada.

Fuck! Several people had put down cards, and she had missed what they put down. She could only see the very last card played. She had lost count of the cards that might still be in the draw pile. Only able to make the best decision for this turn, she put down her second highest card.

Unfortunately the woman next to her topped that card. Ada guiltily watches as the woman collects her tokens for this round. By the time Yihan and Alan returns, she had been losing three rounds in a roll. If she doesn't recover with some wins soons, she will lose this game and a good portion of their winnings for tonight. 

Yihan gives her a cursory smile when they get ack, she returns with a too wide grins... and thinks back to their time trailing together. What was that finger thing all about? She had her run with boys in boarding school, and especially at the detective academy. But this with Yihan, it wasn't quiet sexual, but yet it was incredibly initimate... and definitely erotic in nature despite how private part free it had been. So what was that?! Yihan hasn't said a word to her about it since then. It was almost as if it never happened and it was all in her imagination.

"Hey, lady. Do you want to be in this game our not?!" saids the dealer.

"Oops sorry!" Ada apologizes. Looking at the table, she realized there was no way she was going to be able to top the previous card put down. She was not going to be able to win this round. And if she loses, she will be letting her brother down. Her younger brother, who she was responsible for. He's been through so much, he deserves to be happy. She must obtain this for him, otherwise she is useless as an older sister. Her stomach starts to tighten, heart beats quicken, and breath shortens. Ada is having trouble breathing, and everything is spinning out of control, this game, even her own body. Dropping her hand, she runs out of the game room.

Ada runs through the hallway, through an empty dining room into the balcony. She needs air, fresh air, and lots of it. She holds on to the edge, taking a deep breathe as the assertive night breeze breaks her hairdo loose. She lets herself fall into the wind's embrace. It was bitterly cold, but she rather feel that than the feelings she was having at the game table. She let the shivers run through her body. 

"The city is beautiful from up here isn't it?" Ada turns to find Vio holding out a fur cape next to her.

Ada puts on the cape, "thank you."

"You were playing so well before. What happened?" asks Vio.

"I wish I knew," says Ada. If she had known what was going on with her body, would she have ran out like that? God! She must have made such a scene. If she returns to the room, all eyes will be on her; that's the last thing they want tonight. Attention is rarely good for covert missions. "I guess, I got nervous. I mean 30,000 is a lot of money. What if I can't make that much tonight?! Alan is counting on me..."

"And you don't want to let him down." says Vio.

"Yea," says Ada. "I've failed him so many times already. I let others hurt him. Adolf's such a nice boy. I think he'll finally be the one to treat him right."

"We always want the best for the people we love. And even though we aren't responsible for their happiness, it's impossible to feel like we are on the line. Especially as older siblings," Vio says as she looks into the sky. "are born into an unspoken promise. To care and protect our brothers and sisters."

"A promise that is becoming harder and harder to they grow older," says Ada.

"But we must," says Vio. "Advice from one older sister to another older sister? We were built to protect. Even if we aren't sure if we can. It's not about you."

Ada looks up at the other girl. They might not have gotten along. They almost never see the world from the same angles. Vio continues, "the first man I killed was going to hurt Sicili. My fighting skills back then were just barely passable. But it didn't matter, it didn't matter if I could take him down or now. All that mattered was I must stop him. I must protect my sister. And I just went for it... almost as if I was in a trance."

Vio looks at her hands, her fingers moved in a sporatic twitch. She looks her this part of her body as if it didn't belong to her. She frowns with a mixture of bewilderment and fear. "When I finally came to, there was so much blood everywhere. The bandits who attacked on dead. But somehow I had saved my sister and cousin. That's the strange thing, it seems when we must, we will."

"Are you saying you believe I can," starts Ada.

"It doesn't matter what I believe." says Vio, "In fact, it doesn't matter what you believe too. You don't have to believe that you can win that money. You must win, for Alan."

"What if I lose?"

"If you lose, then well at least you would have played. As long as your play, you also will have a chance of winning."

"Thank you..."

"You know what won't get you any closer to winning?" ask Vio. "Standing out here talking to me."

"I'll go back in!" Ada delcares.

Vio holds her hands out, "We'll let's go, mi'lady."

Ada takes her hand. The lady and the waitress swaggers into the smoke filled game room. 

---

When Yihan got back with Alan, he spends the rest of the night keeping an eye on Juliette. She was a very social woman, constantly surrounded by other attendees and occasionally her employees. A gloved hand rested on his arm, he turned to find Ada. They had barely spoken to each other since their field mission. She had a big grin on the face.

"What?!" he ask.

"I've done it! We have the money and with some change to spare too," she announces proudly.

"Great! I'll get your coats and we can split. This outfit is real itchy," he says scratching his neck.

"Oh, sure." her cheeks were flushed from drink, as she searches for words. "I was hoping we could talk about..." But before he she said more, he rushes out of the room.

"What was that about?" ask Vio.

"It's... nothing. I just thought since this night is going so well. I might capitalize on the luck." says Ada. "You know what? I will." She puts her drink on Vio's tray and rushes out to find the coat room. Confused, and lacking social awareness of what Ada was going for, Vio follows her out. Alan, who had been anxious about Adolf being gone, noticed the girls exodus and follow them. When they entered the hallway, they saw three bulky men in suits bringing a gagged Yihan into the elevator. By the time they got to them, the elevator door closed and proceeded to go up.

"14th floor, I think that's where Juliette's suite is." says Vio.

"Those looked like her men, that's were they must be taking him." says Alan.

The 14th floor only had 6 rooms, all arranged in a hexagon lobby area. From one they could near the moans, that belonged to Yihan. 

"Unless someone is giving him a really good time," says Alan. "we should bust in."

Ada rolls her eyes her brother, clearly this is bad time for jokes.

"Let's go," saids Vio pulling out a cleaner's card key. 

 The suite was wrapped with violet velvet and highlighted by golden streaks. Juliette Rousseau sat in an arm chair, stern and calm. Yihan was tied to a X shaped cross on the wall, and one of her men, wearing brass knuckles punched him. "I'll ask you once more," he says. "Why were you stalking madame? Who sent you?"

Yihan raise his face slowly, and rolls his head as he spits blood in at him's face . "Didn't learn, torture 101, one question at a time. "

"Oh you will," he prepares for another punch.

"No!" Ada ran up to stand in front Yihan's attacker, so his punch landed on her instead.

"Kurt, maybe we should be less violent in front of guests." says Juliette she motions Alan and Vio to come in. And they obey without realizing. She gets up from her throne and walks towards Ada and Yihan. "You know girl, you won't be able to return that dress with blood all over it."

She stands up, slowly shaking, "The Lady of Wickshire does not make returns."

"So, this is who my rival send to spy on me." she saids. "A smooth talking bus boy." Turning over to Vio "a socially awkward waitress. " And then to Alan, "some kid who can't keep his eyes off my merchandise all night."

"What...?" says Alan shocked.

"Don't play dumb, Adolf is a fine piece. But here's lots of fine people tonight." Juliette looks around. "Yes, I've noticed everyone of you tonight. Especially the little poker queen," she says turning to Ada. "Pretty young face no one knows, showing up one night and walking out with $40,000. This is a high rolling crowd, but your success tonight did not go unnoticed."

"And my winnings can be all yours," says Ada.

"But only if you let my friends," Alan adds quickly, and holds up Adolf's bond. "and Adolf go."

He walks closer towards her, Vio slides up and draws her knife against Kurt's neck. Ada starts to untie Yihan from the cross. Alan continues, "you will take this money and consider this bond pay. It's way more than he owes you."

Juliette twists her eyebrows, "Adolf put you up to this?"

Alan did not answer.

She breaks out in a loud laugh, "Haha he doesn't know does he? You're just another boy who fell for the tragically beautiful violinist. And you want him to be all yours."

"I just want us to be real..." Alan mutters.

"We also can prove who you are?" announces Ada. 

Juliette turns to Ada. "Who am I?" Ada doesn't say anything. "Well, tell me who am I?"

Ada finally spits out, "You're a pimp, and to protect sex workers from you. Anyone benefitting from the work of sex workers, is subject to spend at least 20 years in prison."

"I suppose that is one way to spin it..." Juliette ponders.

"Please Madame," pledges Kurt. "Take the cash and let them go. If they turn you in, you'll lose all those who work for you. But if you accept their bargain, you only lose Adolf. And you'll get $40,000!"

"Are you saying a person in my life can be equated to a sum of money?!" demands Juliette, who is starting to lose her cool.

"There are more girls who need you to be there for them. Way more than Adolf does." Kurt explains. Juliette was silent for a very long moment. 

"Alright, I suppose it's hard to say no to the extra cash."  Juliette turns to Alan, "consider the bond annulled."

Alan bows, and says "Thank you can seeing reason, madame."

Alan rushes to his sister and his best friend, as Vio keeps her eyes and weapons trained on Kurt, they make their way out of the suite. As they open the door, Juliette calls after them, "You think he works for me because he owes me money? Fool."

---

"So what his this surprise you have for me?" ask Adolf has Alan leads him to his room.

Alan holds up his bond. "How did you get that?" Adolf asks.

"Doesn't matter," says Alan tearing it apart. "No more. Your debt has been paid."

"How did you manage to get her to...?" ask Adolf.

"By getting her accounting books, which clearly state how she's been making her income. If she doesn't let you go, we'll out her for the pimp she is." Alan explains.

Putting the other boy's face in his hands, Alan saids softly, "don't worry. You don't work for her anymore. You don't have to do that kind of work anymore."

"She didn't ensnare me to be a prostitute." says Adolf. "You want to know why I work for Madame Rousseau? Here's why!" He tears off his shirt, turning around to show his scar.

Alan swallows, uncertain about what his lover will say next.

"Before, I ever meet her I was already walking the streets. Streets can be dangerous for a guy looking like I do. Some Johns would pretend to be paying customers, and then invite you back to beat you up."

"Can't you report him? Sex workers are protected under the same laws," ask Alan.

"Laws are just words. How people respond to them is another reality," explains Adolf. "Even in a place like Galei, there still is a wide gap between legal equality and cultural equality. When I came out of the hospital after this incident, the bill was 5x my savings. Madame paid that for me."

"So, that's why you end up working for her," says Alan.

"She's so much my boss, as she is our union leader," Adolf concludes. "She protects us by sending people to look out for us while we are on shift. She protects us more than the laws ever can, and yet the book saids what she does is illegal."

"Oh, I didn't know..." says Alan.

"You never asked. You always pretend I'm just a violinist, but that's not all I do. If you can only love that part of me, then maybe if we just keep our relationship to business only," Adolf turns to leave.

After he turned Adolf click the front door shut, Alan sinks to the floor in a puddle of tears. What has he done?!

Ada comes into his room with a large slice of blueberry cheesecake. "Yihan saids it might not be time to take you to _  yet. But maybe a preview will keep your hopes up."

Alan shivers, "he left. He could have been my first love."

"He may still be," says Ada as he cries into his sisters arms.

