# The undertow creeps in slow

>Editor's Notes:
>
>Address Vio's fears and Zaki's guilt better. You didn't quiet dive into it as deeply as you would have liked.

Ace is washing the blood clean in the shower. Flashes back to Ace killing at the Varin church, flashes of a bunch of other She let's it cloak her body. The warm water _ it's tendrils through her hair, arms, and waist. Vivara Aligheiri stands in the steaming showers of the only in in town, eager to expel the blood of both hers and not from her skin. Given the nature of her work, washing blood from her body is not new. But normally she can account for every stain. They called her Ace because her aims were percise. Not a wasted swipe was made with her knives. There were times she's missed, faltered, and lost control... there were times when she lost herself.

The first time it happened was the night of her first kill. She remembers needing to protect Sicili from the prying hands of a mountain bandit. Next thing she knew he was screaming, holding on to the emptiness that once holstered his privattes, crying his last cries. Blood covered him, it was on the horses, on the fellow bandits, blood on her own hands. She was barely able to process what had happened, when one of their horses frightend by the chaos knocked her over down the ravine.

During the years she's lived alone in the mountains, she tried to understand the powers she had harness that night. But no matter what danger she was in, she was not able to tap into whatever spell that overtook her. Not the night she was hunted by a pack of wolves, nor when _. There were times she she tried to trigger it by putting hersel in dangerous situations. Jumping to attack a caravan of mountain tribe warriors was one them. As a young girl, her nanny told her stories of the fierece mountain people, who lived to defend their small patches of land. Unlike the Atonians who schemed and backstabbed eachother, the mountain dwellers battled with honor. A surrender was always honest, a truce or alliance was never violated. After her mother found out that the nanny had been telling her these bedtime stories, she never saw her caretaker again. They were dangerous fairytales to tell a hieress to one day become an Atonian warlord. Any leader foolish enough to practice honor will be crushed, by neighboring lords. She had long dreamed about being a mountain warrior instead of Renova's leader. She dreamed of being free from the mind games the Atonian nobility play with eachother. She had no tack nor knack for schemes and intrigue. Not when she could barely read the facial expressions of her own family. The Falcon Tribe was the first time she actually saw the legendary mountain warriors in person.

Vio turns of the water in the shower sprout. But she doesn't leave the bathing area. Instead she lets a spider she found climbing up the water sprout, climb onto her fingers. Opening the small window in the shower stall, she let's the spider go back outside. The second time her fighting overtook her was a day just like this one, by then she had become part of the Falcon tribe, a mountain warrior fighting with them.

The snow on the plataue had only started to melt late into the 3rd month of the year. The sun helped it a little further along today. There was nowhere to hide in this battle fought on a late morning with the encroaching Tiger tribe. Spring was a time for the mountain tribes to exchange hands and lands. It's been a year since the Falcon tribe adopted her into their family. Yule, or only known Jyri back then, retrained her killer instinct to fight people instead of hunting prey.

Now she fights along their side, a crescent dagger in each hand. Standing back to back with Erik, they parried with the three men surrounding them. Just as they are about to take the last man down, Erik yells "mum!". They adoptive mother was knocked off her horse as her attacked speared the neck of the steed. Vio felt her arms move on their own as her left arm swung hard and fast through the neck of their last opponent standing. By the time she regained awareness the battle had ended. Even though their tribe had successfully defend their land, there were significant casualities. Their adoptive mother hand her arm in a sling, having broken it by the fall. More so, she refused to look at Vio in the eye. Because she saw the girl, plung a blade into her younger son's torso. A few inches left, it would have struck his heart. Erik, said he was fine and no bones in his rib cage was broken as the healers closed up up the wound. He even made a joke about how he'll always have the mark she left close to his heart. No one laughed.

That night, she couldn't sleep with the family in their tent. She stepped outside, all the snow of the clearing they had spent the winter in had melted from the friction of battle. But it was still cold, with the sun long set. Jyri was keeping watch by a fire pit; timidly she went up sit there in the warmer area. He noticed her, but like the rest of the family today didn't look or greet her. They watched the flames flicker in silence for a long time.

Jyri finally spoke, "Erik said you were fighting blindly, stupidly." Vio only nodded. Jyri continued, "he was worried you might hurt yourself, before rushed into their barrier. He tried to hold you back. Then you turned around and stabbed him."

"I didn't realize, it was him," she said softly. In some ways she really had been blind, but she didn't know how to explain it to Jyri. She didn't know how to explain to the person who took her into his family, how she had stabbed his little brother. She didn't know the words to describe what had been happening to her. Even if she did, she didn't think he would believe her. Anything she say would just sound like an excuse, so she said nothing. And again they returned to their silence.

When Jyri's shift is about to end, he stood up to find the next tribeman on rotation. "I don't think you should fight anymore."

"What?!" Vio looked up at him.

"You are one of our most talented fighters. You bring a style that no one has seen, and it gives our tribe a competetive advantage."

Vio blushes, when he compliments her.

"But, until you can control yourself in battle you are a risk we cannot deploy."

"Then what do I..." Vio started to ask.

"You seem really good with animals. Why don't you lead our hunting dogs for a while." Jyri said tersely as he leaves. "Good night, Ace."

Not wanting to deal with whoever was next on watch, who will probably look at her begrudgingly, she went to spend the rest of her night behind a tree, with her head buried in her knees.

And in the bathing stall of a guest room in Varin, Vio remains on the cold wet tile floor. Her head burying into her knees.

---

By the time Yule's train pulled up to Ixan Union Station, the sky had gone completely dark. Even though he was only at this station this morning, it feels as if years had gone by. He hails a carrage to take him back to the cathedral. Even though today is coming to an end, he knows Roderick will awake and wating for him; waiting for an explanation on why he disobeyed the orders to escape when he had a the chance. 

Yule runs over what to say in his mind. What he had done, he did not regret. Leading the workers in the church to safety is what The Prophet Lygeia would have done. Even if he was starting to question The Order under The High Priest leadership, he still believes in living by the Prophet's words. But how do you politely tell someone you chose to follow the will of their dead mother instead of their present command?

In the _ years that he had been part of the crusade, Yule had never disobeyed an order. But he knew how Roderick handled disobedience. Solders were immediately discharged; anyone higher up was executed in front of their subodinates, and the entire camp. Yule hopes that bringing back the long lost painting will afford him some forgiveness. He is Roderick's right hand man. He knew too much to be simply discharged.

When the carriage pulls up to the cathedral, Yule's is so nervous that he almost forgets to take the painting with him as he got off. Outside lighting was finally installed earlier last week, they shined up from corners and edges, giving the whole structure an ominous glow. A few of The Order's soldiers standing guard salute to him, as others open the gates for him. The grand hall was quiet at night, all who were not on guard duty are already asleep. And as expected Roderick was in his office, his head buried under rolls of scrolls.

"High Priest, I've returned with The Prophet Rising" Yule says addressing Roderick in a more formal title than he had been using in years. Roderick nods, but does not look up from his paperwork. His superior's silence made Yule nervous, so he continues talking. "I'm sorry this assignment took so long, we had a run in with Galeian special task force and the local police. I know Varin's church had refused to ally with us before, but I had helped them a great deal. And hopefully if you ask them again, the Priest there may reconsider and support our cause."

Roderick inally looks up, "It seems Varin has enough struggles of their own, their church's alliigence now will only become a liability for us to care for instead of a strategic advantage as it once had been."

Yule swallows, while he is not shocked by The High Priest's calculating choices, how much they stray from the core tenants of their very own religion is difficult to reason with. 

"Was that what you were trying to do?" The High Priest continues. "Gain their support by ignoring my orders?"

"I wasn't trying to defy you," Yule reasons. "But I couldn't leave them there, your mother wouldn't have."

"My mother, her holiness, was a fool!" Roderick says. "She never saw the bigger picture. And thus, she never reached fair with her teachings. Both she and my sister were too caught up in the leaves to see the forest."

The bigger picture, that was why Yule was here wasn't he? The joined the Order because he knew that scarfices must be made for the great good; for long lasting peace, there may be slaughter to pay. "Sorry, I lost sight of our mission."

Roderick gets up from behind the desk and walks up to him, "Commander Yule, the name you hold I gave you. The Order saved you from the mountain savages. We clothed you, thought you the ways of civilized men. We taught you strategy, planning, and diplomancy. Yet beneath it all," Roderick's hands stray down to Yule's chest. "I wonder, does there still lie the heart of a savage? Ready to act according to the moment. Failing to see the bigger picture?" He removes his hand from Yule's chest and gestures at the murals around the room detailing The Order's glory and Lady Lygeia's missions.

Yule didn't know what to say, especially when the high priest accused him of the one thing he try to outgrow. "I...I..."

"You?" Roderick asks impatiently.

"I brought you back the missing masterpiece!" Yule lifts the canvas up, it's presence will make Roderick re-evaluate his performance on this mission.

Roderick tears the brown paper that wraps the painting. His hands trace along the bevel of the oil strokes. Fingers feeling the texture of the bed that his recently deceased mother rose from that faithful night. In a soft voice he mutters, "yes, you have. Good job." And in one quick swing, tosses the canvas into the active fire place. Flames tore through the middle, and the room started to smell of burning old chemicals.

"What?!" Yule reacts. "Is it a fake? I brought a forger along with me to validate it's authenticity."

"No, it looked real enough," says Roderick. "As I told you, it's all about the bigger picture. This painting was never that picture."

"Then why?" ask Yule. 

"I don't think that is something you need to know, General." Roderick says demoting Yule and dismissing him for the night.

---

Zaki paces around the dark room. It had only two dim floor lamps. There was a wide window, that lead out to a balcony but tonight was a new moon. Varin was a town too polluted to see many stars. It looked like no one had occupied it for a long time, a thin layer of dusk coated the walnut wood furniture. Two twin beds placed perpendicular to eachother, a writing table stationed near one of the beds. On it laid three holy scriptures. The Lygeian bible, the _ (holy text of the Hastuit), and the _ (an eastern religious scripture). Above the desk in a fairly comtemporary painting of large lips pucked up and a painted pointer finger held up to them. It looked out of place next to the furniture near a century old.

After the they fought off Edgar's special forces, Yule insisted that Vio will need some tiem to recover. He took the painting they came to town to find and the evening train back to the city. The people at the church guided them to the only inn still in business in the quiet town. Vio has not said a word during their walk here. She simply nods or shakes her head whenever someone spoke to her. When they finally got inside their guest room Zaki reached out to give her a hug. But she flinched away, darted towards the washroom and has been there ever since.             

"She will be alright once she gets clean," he tells himself. Afterall no one would be in a talking mood, when they are covered in blood. Zaki remembers the last time he was covered in blood.

---

West Ixan was a place that made Zaki uncomfortable, because everyone would turn to look at him wherever he went. Sales people will follow him around as in the stores. Parents pulled their children a little closer when they passed by him. Women clunched her purses tighter when they stood next to him. It was as if the entirety of that side of the city is just waiting for him to cross the river back home. Today he had no choice, he came to drop off a replicated painting at the estate of a man who didn't know better. After his errand, he walked listlessly through the house with manicured lawns and regular sprintler schedules. He pass park with a playground and rested on a bench for awhile. It was an hour after schools let out, children are still playing with their friends before being picked up by their families. 

"Now we can't leave this nice bird a cripped can we?" said a man softly to his son. Zaki never thought he would hear that voice again.
He turned around to find a man with _, the face that haunted his dreams for years, a face he could not forget if he wanted to. The man who shot his mother square in the chest was picking his own son up from school, waving to a woman in the drvier seat of a car, who he assumed was his wife.

'He doesn't deserve a family,' Zaki thought. 'Not when he stole mine away.' He mentally takes down the car's license plate, and stands up to hurried home with purpose.

> How can we tap into Zaki's rage? What is it that he is feeling? envy
> determined to take away from Max's family from him. Can we dip into what manic envy means?

---

After being demoted Yule, walks out in the high priest's office with his head down. Tired from a long day of travel and chewed out by his superior, he didn't notice his surroundings until he bumped into someone. The other person yelps as a pool of cleaning water spilled into the marble floor. He finally looks up to see the girl who he spoke with at the confession box. 

"Sorry sir," she says as she sets the bucket down and hurries to sweep up the spilled water.

"No, it was my fault I didn't look where I was going. Here let me help you," Yule takes his commander's cape off and throws it on the floor to soak up the puddle. She looks at him in shock. "I won't be wearing it for a while."

"Why?" she ask.

"The High Priest demoted me, for doing the right thing. For doing what Lady Lygeia would do," he says softly.

"I am sorry" she recalls what she had told him that day in the confession box. "I shouldn't have... told you to do that."

"No," he corrects. "I am glad I did. It seems Roderick no longer cares about the salvation of the world."

"But I thought that was The Order's mission. To bring peace to all the lands, so we may rejoin our planet when we die." she ask as she gets up from wiping the floor. They finish cleaning the spill, Yule helps carry the bucket down the hall to be emptied.

"That was the mission initially," Yule explains as they walk toward the end of the hall toward the cathedral's courtyard. "But it seems the High Priest has gotten so caught up with winning the countries over under The Order's rule, he might have forgetten his own reasons." He says as he poors the water down the drain.

Sicili too a seat along the fountain and pats on the stone edge for Yule to join her. She ask "are you going to leave The Order?"

Yule shakes his head, "even with Roderick on a power hungry binge, the Order has brought peace to lands that have been at work for centuries."

*'By killing their leaders,'* Sicili thought. But she doesn't voice it, she doesn't want to bring her own family tragedy into this conversation with him. Instead she asks, "Will there ever be peace? He has the Northern Isles, forced conversion of the Hastuit nations. He look the free city states of Atonia, the mountain tribes, Cella. Now he has come to Galei, the only country with a stable political system and economy." She realizes that she is shaking and can feel the tears start to pool around her eyes. Yule notices this too and pulls her face to his shoulders, she leans into his embrace.

"The Order has taken a lot from me as well," he says. On the shoulder of the ex-commander, a man who she had only met once, she lets her tears fall. "I keep thinking all the atrocities we have committed in the name of this religion is for the greater good. We are doing the people a service by uniting them, so we can stop all their fighting. But we are doing it by fighting..."

Sicili sniffs, "seems like a contradiction doesn't it?" Yule nods, they were both quiet for a while taking in the night. There is no moon out tonight just the stars, fighting to be seen against the fog of factory smoke that had once dominated Ixan and its surrounding towns. Even now, with all the factories bankrupt and defunct, their impact still remains. If the only way for us to know of stars long faded is through their light, do they exist at all of we can no longer see them?

After a while, Sicili whipsers. "I am proud of you, for doing what Lygeia would have done, instead of just following the High Priest's orders. When all the churches in Ixan are shut down, and I came to volunteer here, I just thought most people here are just the High Priest's cronies."

"And is that true?" Yule ask.

"Most of them are just cronies," she says flatly. But into his years she whispers, "But you? You're a true Lygeian." 

Yule is not sure if it was the intimacy of the whisper, since no one had ever done that to him. Or maybe it was the way she speaks that makes his heart stop for a few beats. He turns beat red, glad to have the night fade out the color of his cheeks. "I'... I am barely a Lygeian. I grew up with pagan rituals, and I am in the Order for the promise of bringing peace... not really for that religion stuff."

"Well," she says with a cracked smile. "We Lygeians believe our faith to be the universal turth. You don't have to be a follower of the Lady to acknowledge the truth in her teachings. Her ideas should ring true in the hearts of every one. Even if you never heard them, you'll know they are right, because she spoke of truths that are innate within all our hearts."

"You really believe in her, don't you," Yule says.

"Of course, don't you?" Sicili ask pointedly.

"I'm not really sure what I believe in spiritually" Yule admits. "But I know the direction that the Order is taking isn't right. And I am going to change that, if you are certain Lygeia's ways are the right way then I'm going to make sure every step we take in the name of the Order is in her spirit. No more ends justify the means. If the means are immoral, it doesn't matter where we end up, because we would have cheated our way there."

> They devise a plan to help Yule get his position back

---

Lindell's was the biggest toy store in Ixan. Spanning 2 full blocks, it was designed 80 years ago by a the eccentric inventor Adam Douglas, who was the heir to his family's fortune. As a life long bachelor, having no family of his own, he poured his soul into making a magical place for the children of Galei. Children from the country side would demain a visit when their parents made excursions out into the city. The store was a miniature castle, compled with moats, towers, and secret passages. Inside it featured toys both antique and cutting edge. When you first entered, giant life sized stuffed animal will be there to welcome you. A giraffe guided your passage up the spiral stairwell onto the third floor. 

Zaki remembers going there as a child during summer school trips. He would get lost in a sea of toys, his family couldn't yet afford. His mother promised they will get him something from Lindell's one day, but that day never came. Today, he realizes that he can get anything for himself, but shopping is not the purpose of this visit. He opens suitcase filled with face paint materials, and set ups his station for the oncoming party. The next hour was filled with families rolling up in town cars, dropping their children off. The only parents who stayed was the tall blond man Zaki had seen at the park and his wife. Of course he would stay, Zaki knew that, this was his son's birthday party. The family had booked the whole place for the day and invited all this classmates for the event.

"Here all done," Zaki says holding up a mirror to the girl he transformed into a hyena.

She looks at her reflect and cringed, eye brows furrowing. "Undo it!" she demands. "I said make me a spotted hyena, and you turned me into a stripped hyena."

"Sure, why don't you go wash your face," Zaki says. "And when you come back, I can repaint a _ for you after I finish with your friends." He motions to the five children standing in line behind her.

"No! Fix it now!" she refused.

"But your friends are waiting for a while. Don't you think it's only fair they get their turn?"

"I. Don't. Care!" she says. Tears started to swell up in your face.

"Hey! Sally if you just cry it off, you don't have to wash it off," says the boy behind her.

Sally cries harder, until the birthday boy's mother comes to see investigate the situation.

"What is going on?!" she demands to know from Zaki. He explained the situation, and she kneels to the girl's eye level. Taking out a hankerchieft she wipes Sally's face, "let's go to the lady's room, and wash this mess up. You can try my new lipstick, I bet you'll look really pretty in it." Sally finally calms down and follows her to the washroom. Zaki watches the two of them go. He wonder how mothers learn to become peacemakers.

"Sir, Mrs. Roth is a hot mom, right?" says the boy who is standing next in line to have his face painted.

"That's not why I..." Zaki started bt cut himself off. He realizes whatever was the reason her kindness made him uneasy should not be disclosed.

Luckily, the kid doesn't seem to care much for his reasons either. "Whatever you say, just make me into a submarine!"

Zaki smiles, he likes a challenge. The rest of the party continued without much drama, when it was finally ready for the cake cutting most of the other party staff went on a smoke break. Zaki stayed behind, claiming that he doesn't smoke. After a poorly coordinated "happy birthday," sang by his classmates. Zaki served the cake as the children continue to chatter and the birthday boy was playing a "guess-what-you-bought-me" game with his father. After a few bites of the cake, all the children collapsed; some unfortunately with their faces right into their unfinished plates.

Zaki walks up to the remaining three people still conscious, Mr. Roth, his wife, and son.

"Who are you? What did you do?!" Mr. Roth demands. 

"Don't worry, they will wake up in a few hours." Zaki explains. "The _ butterfly is dubbed the silent killer. They release a powder with into the plants they visit, it puts other insects asleep, and then they come back for dinner. But don't worry, I won't come back for these children. I have all I want right here." Zaki wraps on warm around the shoulder of Mrs. Roth, who does not flinch, but stiffens at his touch. Her son on the other hand starts weeping as Zaki pats him on the head with his other hand. 

"Don't you touch them!" Mr. Roth threatens him holding up the cake knife. 

"Else?" Zaki raises his eyebrows, not moving his hands an inch.

"What do you want? I'll give you whatever you want. Just leave them alone. I can pay you... alot." Mr. Roth pleads.

"What. Do I? Want." Zaki ponders. "What don't I want? A new name, one who isn't framed for killing his parents." Zaki stands up and walks towards Mr. Roth. "Especially since when their real murderer is standing right in front of me."

Mr. Roth steps backwards as Zakl approaches him. "Uh, alright. I can do that for you. I know people pretty high up in the government."

"Oh, I know that Mr. Roth. Afterall it was you who pledged our prime minister into your little club," says Zaki.

"I don't know what you are talking about."

"Don't play dumb, I was there." Zaki repeats the words in a foreign language he learn the boys say after killing his parents. "What does that mean exactly?"

"Galeian blood reigns supreme," Mr. Roth answers softly. "Wait... how did you?" He looks at Zaki in horror and shock. Zaki looks at him directly in the eye, he looked at Zaki for a long moment and finally muttered "the professors' house." Showly, explaing to himself,"you were their child, who the authorities thought did it. We didn't think we'll be able to get off the hook so easily, if caught. But luckily their kid was reported missing, and it seemed obvious... they never bother to look for anyone else."

"They were all to willing to believe it. After all Hastuit refugees don't have any other family that will demand justice," Zaki says.

"I'm sorry, it was all part of the initation ritual. It's been done for hundreds of years," says Mr. Roth.

His son cries, "papa, you didn't!"

Zaki goes over to him, "Oh yes. He did. Your daddy is a murderer. It's heart breaking, the things we learn about our idols isn't it?"

The mother hushes him, "_, it's complicated. One day you'll understand."

"What day will that be? The day he goes off to university and is indoctrinated into his family's legacy?" says Zaki.

"What right do you have to judge our customs? You're a foreigner," says Mrs. Roth.

"I was born here, take makes me a Galeian citizen," states Zaki. "I had rights, an identity, both your husband stripped me of the night he murdered my parents."

"Technically, I didn't kill both of them," says Mr. Roth.

"I know," says Zaki. "And now you will know my pain." In one quick motion, he kneels and injects a needle into the boy's neck. The boy coughed, again and again. His lips turned purple, and eyes bloodshot red, yellow foam started bubbling from his mouth. His mother holds him sobbing.

"Venom of the _ butterfly. This he will never wake up from." Zaki says as he gets up.

"You'll pay for this!" demands his father.

"I am paying," Zaki explains. "I'm paying you my retribution."

His mother continues to cry over her son's body. Zaki goes over to comfort her, "You both are still young, you can make another child."

She looks at him with all the fire of hell in her eyes. Before she speaks Zaki injects a second needle also into her neck. "Or maybe not," he corrects himself. He watches her struggle her past moments, sad, because he really did grow a little fond of her calm elegance. Finally, he approaches he man, who's grin had haunted him for years.

"Don't worry," Zaki says as he lifts Mr. Roth's chin up. He older man was all red, from anger, from crying, from fear? He looks nothing like the smug young college boy who broke into Zaki's childhood home that night. But Zaki knew better, deep down he is still the same filthy human being. "I'll spare you," Mr. Roth's sobs stops, "my pain!" Zaki slices hard and fast using the very same weapon Mr. Roth had threated him with. It was not a very sharp blade and the cut was not clean, blood squirted all over Zaki's black painter's apron.

---

There were five boys that invaded his childhood home that night. Mr. Roth was the first. After that incident he found three more. Not all of them had families or loved ones. And none of their other killings had been as violent as the birthday party. So far he had killed ten people.

Some nights Zaki can see the faces of the innocents unfortunate enough to matter to these cruel men. Mrs. Roth's calm lyrical voice speaks to him still. For years he had been haunted by these men, for the violence they commited to his parents. Now he is haunted by the justice he had brought upon them.

`sees their faces and hers their onces when he looks at the mirror. triggered he punches the mirror.`

Zaki took the job to investigate Varin, because he thought it will help him get in the good graces of the prime minister. Edgar von Essen is the last remaining one of the five. He thought it was an information gathering mission, he didn't think Edgar would send his special forces. He didnt realized today would get violent. If he did would he have still taken the job? So far nothing have stopped him on his path to retribution. He had taken every opportunity along the way to get closer to his goal. Even if he had known the special forces would show up, would he had said no to the agent who visited him. If the fight ended differently, if Vio didn't execellently slaughtered them all, if she had gotten hurt instead, would Sicili ever forgive him? He had a hard time believing she would, because he never forgave anyone. But he truth is he couldn't have rejected the job offer, not after the agent had debrief him. No, the man who came to his flat does not look like someone who will let him live if he had said no. 

But everything turned out fine, did it not? The prime minister might wonder what happened to his special forces, but he's sure there's a way he could talk it way out of it. He would need to find a way to hide Vio's involvment. What she did back there, the way she effortlessly put her knives through each one of them. He can't help to be a little amazed at her capacity to kill without a second thought. He guess he shouldn't be surprised because, she is a hired killer after all. But judging from her reaction afterwards, maybe she wasn't fully self aware throught it. He heard about martial art practices in the eastern lands, where the fighter deep in medidation can enter a demonic trance state. One in which they lose themselves to become unstoppable.

'*Vio!*', he finally realizes that she's been in the wash room for hours. '*I better check on her.*' He knocks on the door, no answer. He knocks again and calls on her name. Still no answer. "I'm coming in," announces.

There she was sitting on the floor of the shower stall, naked, hair still dripping wet, her face buried into her knees and arms tugging her legs tight to her body. Zaki gets some towels, when he approaches she finally looks up. Her eyes are red and puffy, lips pale purple from the cold, they tremble as she whispers,"I didn't mean to."

Wrapping one towel around her wet hair, and another around her body, he guides her to standing and out of the wash room.

After Vio dries herself off and gets dress, she joins Zaki in the balcony, bringing two cups of crushed mint leaf tea.

"Thank you," he says taking one of the cups. 

"Thank you for pulling me out," she says.

"Well, you were in there for a while, and I needed to pee," says Zaki with a smile.

"I didn't mean the shower," she saids softly. "I can't control when it happens. I didn't mean to."

"Are you aware, when you are in that state?" he ask.

"Yes, I mean I'm conscious I think. Reality feels different. I can almost feel it coming on. Sounds, light, and even the air feel like they are all rushing be noticed. And yet, I feel like something inside is trying to break out. My insides and the outside are all pushing against eachother and my body is in between. Then my body just moves on it's own, I have no control over it because I'm just so overwhelmed!" She stops talking and begins to shake and cry again.

Zaki clinks his cup with hers reminding her to drink some tea."How long has this been happening?"

"For about ten years," she said. "The first time was the night we had to leave Atonia. We were in danger, and because of it happened, it saved my sister and cousins. But every other time since, I just end up hurting innocent people everytime it happens."

"I know, what it's like to have the blood of innocents on your hands," Zaki says swirling the tea leaves around in his cup.

"How?" she asks, but immediately regrets it. This may be the type of thing that Sicili told her she shouldn't pry people on.

"The men, who killed my parents. I started hunting them a few years ago. But it's not them, I was after. I sought to do to them to them what they had done to me. I made them watch their loved ones die," Zaki explains.

Vio didn't know what to say. Instinctively she knew he was wrong, she knew revenge was wrong. She knew it would only lead to a longer chain of violence. If everyone harmed those who done harm to them, then there would be no unharmed people in the world. Yet, she didn't know how to tell him that. She was afraid that by disagreeing she would push him away. Afterall isn't that how humans bond? Over things they have in common? She wasn't sure why but she wanted to be as similar to him as possible, even though she knew they were worlds apart. So instead of saying anything she reaches out to take his hand, giving it a tight squeeze.

He looks up at her and smiles. "I didn't want. The first kill was exhilarating, I'm not going to lie."

"I know," she whispers, remembering her first kill, her first castration. Even though she was in a trance, she was still fully aware, and felt the thrill of gaining power over someone stronger than her. They share the same darkness. This they truly share, she didn't need to fake it, or even say it. This was there secret. She knew that he knew too. Together alone in the world with their dark side.

He continues, "but after the second, it became a mission I must finish. Because, it isn't something I want to do anymore but I must. Otherwise, justice would never come for my parents."

"They deserved that," she says, shocking herself at how successully she manage to lie.

"Justice doesn't come for people like me. The Galeian government says it welcomes all refugees, and that's why parents came. They left their war torn home, to start a new life in Ixan. They gave me life here, I may be a Galeian citizen, but to some people I'm never Galeian." Zaki explains. He reaches his free hand to her face and strokes her cheeks from her ears to her chin. "You? You may be an illegal resident. But those men, who came to my house that night. They'll never come after you, because you look like them."

Vio swallows, not sure what to say. Should she apologize for the lightness of her skin? Does his skin really make him always a foreigner? She never thought of him as one, especially since he speaks with the perfect metropolian Ixan accent. He has such lovely skin, especially when the moonlight shone on it like tonight.

"Do you know what it's like? To know no other home than the one which can't decide if it actually wants you?" says Zaki. "It's being a permament guest in someone's house. Not sure when will be the day your host finally gets tired of you."

"Why don't we just go somewhere else?! You, me, Sicili?" Her proposal of this ideal shocks even herself. It seems like the right thing to say at the moment. This is not her, saying things like this without thinking them through. Saying this that she is not sure she fully, geniunely mean. She isn't sure who she is turning to with Zaki, but she likes it. She likes this strange new her, because for once she is actually doing and saying things, instead of thinking of what she should do or say. And the right option always comes too late.

Zaki smiles, his hand is still resting on her chin, so he lifts it up to make her look at him. Knowing how eye contact makes her uncomfortable. But she did not look away this time. "Where to?"

"Anywhere," she says the word so quietly, yet so full of breathe. She didn't know how. He didn't know who pulled in. Some how, some way, their lips found eachother.

---

By the time they fell a sleep the sky started to change colors, and a new day was about to break in. They caught whatever several hours of sleep possible, before rushing to catch the 9:40 train back to Ixan. For the first 30 minutes of the train ride, they sat in silence. A little too sleep deprived for conversation, Zaki dozes off, while Vio looks out the window wondering.

She can't keep her mind from going back to the night before. The kiss, her first kiss. Still being able to feel the press of his lips, she tuck her lips in in some vain hope of holding on to that sensation just a little longer. The steady slow pace she had long trained her heart to beat in, quickens when she recalls that moment.

'*What will this mean for us?*' she wonders. Does this mean they are a couple? Or was it just a kiss? Lesbia said boys sometimes kiss you without wanting to be your boyfriend. Was it just that? A kiss. Did he want nothing to do with her afterwards? But if so, why did he keep coming up to her after their mutual favors were returned? And he has been awfully forward with her, but she could never figure out was he making fun of her by doing so, or was he doing what people call flirting? What is flirting anyway? People always said it's something everyone does, but how exactly do you do it? What are you suppose to do? Was it about the things you say? Or how you say it? Was it the physical gestures you make such as standing too close to someone? And how is that different from sexual harrasment? If the main line distinguishing between the two is wanted vs unwanted attention, how do you know if the other person wants the attention or not?

She looks at Zaki, who is sitting across from her with his head slanted towards the window. She remembers the night, they escaped from the burning house together. After she brought him home, he let her stay with him. She had trouble sleeping that night because she was not accustomed to sleeping at night. After waking up from a nightmare, she watched him sleep as the moon shined on his skin. Now the sun was doing the same. He looks better in the moonlight, she decided. The train made a sudden stop, and it shakes Zaki awake.

He looks up to find her watching him. She turns red a little, and he grins. "You are not tired?" he asks.

"I can sleep when I get back home. It's hard for me to rest in public, when there's no one keeping guard," she answers.

"Right," he says. The train conductor announces the station ahead of them is experiencing signal failure and they will be moving shortly. Zaki was going to make another snarky comment about Galei's decaying infrastructure, but stops himself. Somehow he senses neither of them wants to make small talk about trains. Vio reached her limit for the duration  she can maintain eye contact looks out the window. 

They were stopped outside a large cattle field. Bulls graze in the sun, there is a barn painted orange, with a banner to show the farm owners are supporters of The Order hangs down the side of the barn.

"The city's conservatory garden has a butterfly exhibit in two weeks," Zaki starts. "Do you and Sicili want to go with me?"

'*As a date?*' Vio wonders, but doesn't ask directly. She is sure it is not cool to ask. So she non-chalantly replies. "Could be fun, if we are not doing anything else."

Secretly, she cheers. '*He wants to see me again! And for not work related matters. Maybe it wasn't just a one time kiss. Maybe, maybe, just maybe. I can do what Lesbia always thought would be impossible for me, and have a romantic partner for the first time!*' The rest of the train ride home, she rode excitedly with hope. She has not looked forward to anything like this for many years.

Zaki on the other hand spent the rest of the ride in turmoil. Debating if he should tell Vio the truth about how the special forces had arrived at the church. He reasons that if she never found out, it wouldn't matter to her. Yet a part of him can't help to feel that she should know why the special forces showed up. He can't find the reason he should tell her, but somehow he feels he should. Will it change anything? She said she doesn't know how or why she enters into the trance state, so maybe it wouldn't have mattered if he was the reason they showed up anyway. Despite her hatred for the Order, she is still a Lygeian in her core, one who takes Lygeia's lesson of universal forgiveness to heart.

---

After the train pulls up to its final stop in Ixan, Zaki insist on walking Vio home because she had not rested at all. They pause when in front of her building's front door. She looks up at him expectantly.

"Well... thank you for walking me home," she says.

"No problem," he says scratching his hair. "Well, sleep well."

"You too," she says as she searches for her keys. He starts to back away from the door.

But just as she is about to unlock her door, he grabs her wrist, "wait!"

Vio stops, her eyes brighten and she looks up at him. Standing to her full height, she closes the gap between them so there's only a few inches between their faces. "Yes?" she says softly.

"There's something I need to tell you," he says softly.

"Please," she says.

"I didn't go to Varin help out," he announces. "I had other reasons, an assignment."

Vio backs away putting some distance between them, clearly this was not what she was expecting him to say. "An an ass... assignment."

Zaki continues, "Yes, the people who got me the Ritter job. They came to me to ask me to investigate the railway thieft situation. And while I was helping you guys verify the painting is real, I was also there to find out who robbed the supply trains. It was a surprised when I found all the supplies stored in the church. So I reported back."

Vio furrows her eye brows as if struggling to comprehend this new information. Then she turns immediatley away to open the door. "So it was you who ratted on the starving towns people."

"No. I mean yes technically, but I also didn't think they'll send special forces to confiscate the supplies," Zaki explains. "After all the special forces are only used in..."

"I don't want to hear when the special forces are used. In fact I don't want to hear anything from you," Vio announces as she steps inside. Looking up at him she says, "or see you ever again." She closes her door in his face.

---

When Zaki finally makes it up the stairs of his building, his front door unlocked. Not sure who or what hand unlocked it, and if they are still inside, he pulls out a poisoned vial and attaches a neddle to it. Inside was one man, standing at his large windows looking out, not bothering to turn around to acknowledge as the owner of this space waks up to him.

"You can almost see all of Ixan through here," says the man. He wears a dark grey suit, his hair has grey roots and dark brown hair; still standing with his back to Zaki. “Come stand next to me."

Zaki joins in a few swift and silent strides. He appeared to be looking out at the newly constructed cathedral. “You know there’s nothing I can do. Half of my country has turned against me.”

“Prime Minister?” Zaki started.

The man, Edgar von Essen finally turned to face Zaki. “They say you are the best. Whatever that needs to be done, you will do it discretely.”

“Yes sir, what do you want to be done?” Inquired Zaki.

“I would require your services for a while. And all of it must be done in the mildest manner. If we do not want the church to start a revolution.” Edgar answered. “Revolution are bloody things you know.”

Zaki nods.

“Not sure have you heard, but the commander of my special forces met an unfortunate end yesterday. And there's a vacancy, I believe you'll make an excellent candidate. Don't you agree Zaki Attar?"

Zaki widens his eyes in shock. His name is still in the wanted criminals list. Then he narrows his eyes and questions, "What are the terms of this contract."

"You do not work for the state. You work for me; and no one is to know about it. You will be paid an annual fee of $700,000 I am sure the compensation is fair, that you should not have to seek outside contracts.” Edgar explained.

The wage was ten times more what Zaki earned, and sometimes he would occasionally skimp meals between work. Steady employment was hard to for a man who spent his later childhood years on the streets picking off shop keepers. As much as he loved freelancing, and the opportunities and information gained from working for one mafia boss one week and the local police the next. A chance like this would be a nice break from the constant hunt. And he knew something Prime Minister von Essen didn’t , is that his deal would not be permanent, not if his plan goes accordingly. But meanwhile maybe he can surrender his freedom for a government job, a secret government job. Maybe he can give Sicili and Vivo something nice next time he sees them. Maybe she would have cooled down enough to forgive him.

“Give me a few days to think about this” Zaki said even though his decision is made.

“Sunday,” Edgar said firmly. “I will sent for you.”