# 7:

Editor's Notes:

> 

---

By the time Yule's train pulled up to Ixan Union Station, the sky had gone completely dark. Even though he was only at this station this morning, it feels as if years had gone by. He hails a carrage to take him back to the cathedral. Even though today is coming to an end, he knows Roderick will awake and wating for him; waiting for an explanation on why he disobeyed the orders to escape when he had a the chance. 

Yule runs over what to say in his mind. What he had done, he did not regret. Leading the workers in the church to safety is what The Prophet Lygeia would have done. Even if he was starting to question The Order under The High Priest leadership, he still believes in living by the Prophet's words. But how do you politely tell someone you chose to follow the will of their dead mother instead of their present command?

In the _ years that he had been part of the crusade, Yule had never disobeyed an order. But he knew how Roderick handled disobedience. Solders were immediately discharged; anyone higher up was executed in front of their subodinates, and the entire camp. Yule hopes that bringing back the long lost painting will afford him some forgiveness. He is Roderick's right hand man. He knew too much to be simply discharged.

When the carriage pulls up to the cathedral, Yule's is so nervous that he almost forgets to take the painting with him as he got off. Outside lighting was finally installed earlier last week, they shined up from corners and edges, giving the whole structure an ominous glow. A few of The Order's soldiers standing guard salute to him, as others open the gates for him. The grand hall was quiet at night, all who were not on guard duty are already asleep. And as expected Roderick was in his office, his head buried under rolls of scrolls.

"High Priest, I've returned with The Prophet Rising" Yule says addressing Roderick in a more formal title than he had been using in years. Roderick nods, but does not look up from his paperwork. His superior's silence made Yule nervous, so he continues talking. "I'm sorry this assignment took so long, we had a run in with Galeian special task force and the local police. I know Varin's church had refused to ally with us before, but I had helped them a great deal. And hopefully if you ask them again, the Priest there may reconsider and support our cause."

Roderick inally looks up, "It seems Varin has enough struggles of their own, their church's alliigence now will only become a liability for us to care for instead of a strategic advantage as it once had been."

Yule swallows, while he is not shocked by The High Priest's calculating choices, how much they stray from the core tenants of their very own religion is difficult to reason with. 

"Was that what you were trying to do?" The High Priest continues. "Gain their support by ignoring my orders?"

"I wasn't trying to defy you," Yule reasons. "But I couldn't leave them there, your mother wouldn't have."

"My mother, her holiness, was a fool!" Roderick says. "She never saw the bigger picture. And thus, she never reached fair with her teachings. Both she and my sister were too caught up in the leaves to see the forest."

The bigger picture, that was why Yule was here wasn't he? The joined the Order because he knew that scarfices must be made for the great good; for long lasting peace, there may be slaughter to pay. "Sorry, I lost sight of our mission."

Roderick gets up from behind the desk and walks up to him, "Commander Yule, the name you hold I gave you. The Order saved you from the mountain savages. We clothed you, thought you the ways of civilized men. We taught you strategy, planning, and diplomancy. Yet beneath it all," Roderick's hands stray down to Yule's chest. "I wonder, does there still lie the heart of a savage? Ready to act according to the moment. Failing to see the bigger picture?" He removes his hand from Yule's chest and gestures at the murals around the room detailing The Order's glory and Lady Lygeia's missions.

Yule didn't know what to say, especially when the high priest accused him of the one thing he try to outgrow. "I...I..."

"You?" Roderick asks impatiently.

"I brought you back the missing masterpiece!" Yule lifts the canvas up, it's presence will make Roderick re-evaluate his performance on this mission.

Roderick tears the brown paper that wraps the painting. His hands trace along the bevel of the oil strokes. Fingers feeling the texture of the bed that his recently deceased mother rose from that faithful night. In a soft voice he mutters, "yes, you have. Good job." And in one quick swing, tosses the canvas into the active fire place. Flames tore through the middle, and the room started to smell of burning old chemicals.

"What?!" Yule reacts. "Is it a fake? I brought a forger along with me to validate it's authenticity."

"No, it looked real enough," says Roderick. "As I told you, it's all about the bigger picture. This painting was never that picture."

"Then why?" ask Yule. 

"I don't think that is something you need to know, General." Roderick says demoting Yule and dismissing him for the night.

---

> Rest of this chapter will be Yule trying to regain his previous position back
>
> Yule walks out to find Sicili still cleaning

After being demoted Yule, walks out in the high priest's office with his head down. Tired from a long day of travel and chewed out by his superior, he didn't notice his surroundings until he bumped into someone. The other person yelps as a pool of cleaning water spilled into the marble floor. He finally looks up to see the girl who he spoke with at the confession box. 

"Sorry sir," she says as she sets the bucket down and hurries to sweep up the spilled water.

"No, it was my fault I didn't look where I was going. Here let me help you," Yule takes his commander's cape off and throws it on the floor to soak up the puddle. She looks at him in shock. "I won't be wearing it for a while."

"Why?" she ask.

"The High Priest demoted me, for doing the right thing. For doing what Lady Lygeia would do," he says softly.

"I am sorry" she recalls what she had told him that day in the confession box. "I shouldn't have... told you to do that."

"No," he corrects. "I am glad I did. It seems Roderick no longer cares about the salvation of the world."

"But I thought that was The Order's mission. To bring peace to all the lands, so we may rejoin our planet when we die." she ask as she gets up from wiping the floor. They finish cleaning the spill, Yule helps carry the bucket down the hall to be emptied.

"That was the mission initially," Yule explains as they walk toward the end of the hall toward the cathedral's courtyard. "But it seems the High Priest has gotten so caught up with winning the countries over under The Order's rule, he might have forgetten his own reasons." He says as he poors the water down the drain.

Sicili too a seat along the fountain and pats on the stone edge for Yule to join her. She ask "are you going to leave The Order?"

Yule shakes his head, "even with Roderick on a power hungry binge, the Order has brought peace to lands that have been at work for centuries."

*'By killing their leaders,'* Sicili thought. But she doesn't voice it, she doesn't want to bring her own family tragedy into this conversation with him. Instead she asks, "Will there ever be peace? He has the Northern Isles, forced conversion of the Hastuit nations. He look the free city states of Atonia, the mountain tribes, Cella. Now he has come to Galei, the only country with a stable political system and economy." She realizes that she is shaking and can feel the tears start to pool around her eyes. Yule notices this too and pulls her face to his shoulders, she leans into his embrace.

"The Order has taken a lot from me as well," he says. On the shoulder of the ex-commander, a man who she had only met once, she lets her tears fall. "I keep thinking all the atrocities we have committed in the name of this religion is for the greater good. We are doing the people a service by uniting them, so we can stop all their fighting. But we are doing it by fighting..."

Sicili sniffs, "seems like a contradiction doesn't it?" Yule nods, they were both quiet for a while taking in the night. There is no moon out tonight just the stars, fighting to be seen against the fog of factory smoke that had once dominated Ixan and its surrounding towns. Even now, with all the factories bankrupt and defunct, their impact still remains. If the only way for us to know of stars long faded is through their light, do they exist at all of we can no longer see them?

After a while, Sicili whipsers. "I am proud of you, for doing what Lygeia would have done, instead of just following the High Priest's orders. When all the churches in Ixan are shut down, and I came to volunteer here, I just thought most people here are just the High Priest's cronies."

"And is that true?" Yule ask.

"Most of them are just cronies," she says flatly. But into his years she whispers, "But you? You're a true Lygeian." 

Yule is not sure if it was the intimacy of the whisper, since no one had ever done that to him. Or maybe it was the way she speaks that makes his heart stop for a few beats. He turns beat red, glad to have the night fade out the color of his cheeks. "I'... I am barely a Lygeian. I grew up with pagan rituals, and I am in the Order for the promise of bringing peace... not really for that religion stuff."

"Well," she says with a cracked smile. "We Lygeians believe our faith to be the universal turth. You don't have to be a follower of the Lady to acknowledge the truth in her teachings. Her ideas should ring true in the hearts of every one. Even if you never heard them, you'll know they are right, because she spoke of truths that are innate within all our hearts."

"You really believe in her, don't you," Yule says.

"Of course, don't you?" Sicili ask pointedly.

"I'm not really sure what I believe in spiritually" Yule admits. "But I know the direction that the Order is taking isn't right. And I am going to change that, if you are certain Lygeia's ways are the right way then I'm going to make sure every step we take in the name of the Order is in her spirit. No more ends justify the means. If the means are immoral, it doesn't matter where we end up, because we would have cheated our way there."

---

She wore nothing but a necklace, it was in the form of a bull. When she pressed into it's nose ring, it's horns formed a spark between them. She uses it to light her cigrette, and offers the pack to Adolf. He turns the offer down, getting up from the bed.

"You seem distracted today," she notes.

"Sorry, Liane. I'll be more present next time. If you want, I'll charge tonight at a discount," says Adolf.

"That's not what I mean, you still gave me what I wanted and more," she winks. Walking up to him, "I'm just concerned, like a mother would be." She is old enough to be his mother after all.

They had known eachother for almost a year, and she's started becoming a regular client of his aobut give months ago. Ever since he and Alan broke up, he's been a little off his game at work. He tells himself that it will be okay over time. Historically, he know he'll eventually get over it. But his heart refuses to acknowledge what his mind knows. Knowing doesn't make him hurt any less. It's been such a long time since he had a boyfriend before Alan came along. For as many men as he is intimate with, he is surprisingly dry in the romantic department. In his line of work, fidning a man or woman who will actually want a relationship with him is rare. They all think they can just take what they need from him and return back to their normal lives as if nothing had happened. He never thought he might be able to find that person until Alan came alone. Alan had introduced him to his sister and friend, he thought that was a sign that he would want Adolf integrated into his life. But he could only enter into Alan's life if he changed who he is, or became the boy Alan would want to bring home to his fancy parties, a rising violinist, that and nothing else. But Adolf was more than that. Turns out Alan was just another guy with a hero complex, trying to "save him", to make him into someone else, not a whore, not fully himself. 

Adolf was about to tell Liane about Alan, but it is not professional to reveal your personal life to your clients. No matter how much she did make him feel comfortable and safe, she was still a John. Instead he smileds and says, "I am nervous about an audition coming up."

"Where are you auditioning? I have a few friends at the Metropolian Orchestra. They can put in a good word for you," she suggests.

"It's a small string quartet on the east side," he replies knowing she doesn't know a soul east of the river. "But thank you for offering." He heads towards the bathroom to wash off.

When Adolf returns, he finds Liane on the telephone. She takes a long drag of her cigarette. "How early?" The person on the other end mutters soemthing he cannot hear. "Tonight? Why?"

Adolf starts gathering his clothes.

"That makes sense, well if that is what the council needs," she says. "Will you be back by dinner? I can have Farah make extra food."

After hanging up the phone, she announces "my husband is coming back tonight!"

Of course Adolf had decuded that from hearing her side of the phone conversation. But instead he acts surprised, "tonight?! You said he'll be gone for weeks."

"That is what he thought too," Liane says. "But apparently the executive council needs him back to audit a security research group. They suspect that they've been using government resources to pass information to terrorist. I'm not surprised. That entire team is made up of foreigners. That's what you get for given way our jobs to them. Meanwhile there are so many Galieans unemployeed since the crash of the weapons industry."

Uncertain how to respond to his client's racist comment, he just agrees.

She continues, "national security risk, that's what you get when you let Northern Islanders and an oriental hacker sinto your countries private data banks."

Adolf realise who are the people she is talking about, and quickly finishes getting dressed. "Since your husband is coming back, I better get going." 

She sends him off with an envelope from her nightstand, "full payment. Good luck on your audition."

---

Alan walks home from work with Yi Han. He had been taking a different route home now to avoid the spot where Adolf normally plays the violin. Other than the change in route everything has gone back to the way it was before meeting him. Ada says, when getting over someone it is important to stick to a routine. Go through the motions and keep yourself busy. Yi Han assures him that one day he will wake up having forgotten all about Adolf. Alan knows that day won't be coming soon, because everything he goes to sleep crying. In the morning he wakes up wondering how Adolf must have spent his night. With knowing so many people, he must be having more fun getting over him.

"What do you think?" Yi Han asks.

Alan has no idea what Yi Han had been taking about, but answers "Yes, of course."

"You think Varin has aligned themselves with The Order?" Yi Han says.

"What?! I though their priest hated the Order," says Alan confused.

"Theb how did the entire special task force get decimated, if the Order didn't send their army over?" ask Yi Han. "Their police are not match of von Essen's guys."

"Can't we get someone to ell us what happened that day?" ask Alan.

"The people in the town are not responding to the federal government, since we basically abandoned them when their factories cloed down." Yi Han reminds him.

"If aid is what they want, we can promise to send more resources their way. Then many we can encourage someone to step up and talk," Alan suggests.

"But how long will that trust will last? We can't bribe every town into being loyal to Ixan." says Yi Han. "If Edgar does not provide long term solutions, then putting a bandaid on the problems is only just another invasion waiting to happen even if we manage to discharge The Order for Galeian soil."