# 8: The alarming sound is still small

> What if we see this scene from Yule's perspective?

By the time she reaches her floor, she could no longer hold back her tears. She does not know how she feels about the information Zaki had told her, but her body is certainly reacting to it. If Sicili is there she wouldn't know what to say to her younger sister, she's never cried in front of her before. Maybe if made a dash into the bathroom Sicili wouldn't notice her eyes. She races through the hallway to her flat.

Sitting outside her front door is Yule. His head resting on his knees. He looks up when she towers over him and abruptly stands up. She can barely react when he does and the two of them stand facing eachother, centimeter apart, faces almost touching. "Sicili," he whispers. "They took her."

Her tears evaporates and whatever resevoir they came from dried up. "What? Took her where? Who they?" she demands.

"Can we go inside? You don't want your neighbors knowing why they took her," he says quitely.

Once inside, Yule takes a seat in their dining table in the kitchen, and she runs to the restroom to rinse her face. Looking up in the mirrors, 

> What does she see? 

They finally sat across from eachother with steeping tea between them. Yule took the courtesy to brew a fresh pot, while Vio was in the washroom. He slowly explais to her how he ran into Sicili the night he came back and after being reprimanded by Roderick, she was there to comfort him. They devised a plan together that would help him regain trust of the High Priest again.

"They captured us both, but technically they didn't have enough evidence to convict us," Yule says. "When they had to create a suspect record for us was when they found out. Vivara are you a registered resident in Galei?"

Vio shakes her head, "Nor is Sici."

"And that is what they got her locked up on," Yule says slowly. "Then they let me go back to The Order, but instead I came here."

"Do you know where they could have taken her?" Vio ask robotically.

"No idea. We were at the station when they took us in, but I am not sure do they hold prisoners there or send them somewhere else."

"Thank you for telling me," she felt obligated to say. When Yule reaches out to hug her, she backs away. Too much has happened for her to be able to find comfort in someone's arms. Especially since the last pair of arms she rested her body in had put their lives at risk for some extra cash.

---

His makes the finishing stroke with the flutter of her eyelashes. Zaki steps back from the canvas examining his portrait of Sicili Alighieri.  

Proud of his art, he smiles. Everything is falling into place. He is so close in executing justie for his parents. Edgar von Essen is the only one left alive out of the five boys who invaded his house that night. Maybe after completing the mission, he may allow himself to see the happiness he had long denied himself from. For a few moments he allows himself to slip into a day dream.

Him hold a boquet of daisies. Sicili in a sundress. A picnic under the sun. They walk out of the opera house, she smiles in the moonlight. The figure in the moonlight becomes her sister. Vio crying on the balcony of the inn they stayed in Varin. Her quivering lips.

Zaki's reverie is interrupted by the chime of his flat's guest bell. Someone is downstairs, he wonders who could be visiting him on a Sunday. Then he remembers what Edgar said.

Just like he said, a black car with black windows arrives at Zaki's home on Sunday. The driver motions him to get in the backseat, so he did. Inside sits the prime minister in a creme colored suit.

"So have you thought about my offer?" ask Edgar.

"Yes, and I accept," Zaki says.

Edgar claps his hands, "Great! I have a mission for you."

---

Tonight is an unusual night at the Hart household for it was quiet. Alan is out on a date with Adolf, leaving Ada and Yi han to read after dinner. Ada, in a silk robe, legs extended on the sofa, reads a book about a resurrected dead body trying to understand and find acceptence in this strange world. Yihan scans through the day's newspaper.

> Yihan mentions something about The Bloody Butler from the paper.  Who murdered an entire family because of his affair with their son.

"Hey, there will be a meteor shower tomorrow night," Yihan announces. "Do you want to check it out?"

 "Sure," Ada says not looking up from her book. "I'll let Alan know."

"Um," Yihan starts, but uncertain of how to clarify his intentions. "I meant... would it be okay if I want it to be ... just us?"

"But he loves that astronomical events," she replies. After a few moments paused in thought, she finally looks up from her book. With a raised eyebrow ask, "Wait... are you asking me out? Like a date?"

> Are they already hooking up in secret by this point?

Yihan looks away, turning a little pink and a little angry *'yes, of course I was asking you on a date. What else do you think I meant?!'*

Ada giggles, "haha, I was just messing with you. Of course you won't be asking me on a date. Alan would flip out if he found the two of us dating."

"Oh," Yihan says. "Yea, haha of course it's not a date. Bring Alan and if his boyfriend wants to come too." A little disappointed he turns back to reading the news.

Ada smiles, "they are such cute couple. I wish I coud have someone like that one day." She continues on talking for 10 minutes completely unaware that Yihan wasn't listening. When she realizes that he hasn't said anything, she tosses a cushion at him. It hits him lightly on the shoulder, "are you there?"

Yihan picks it up and tosses it hard back at her, she takes another pillow to throw his way. He gets up from his seat at the desk and she stands on the sofa, a pillow fight commences.

Instead of throwing soft projectiles at eachother, they each pick up a few cushions and circle in on a melee battle. Ada laughs as Yihan tackles her with a cushion, they both fall into the sofa. Ada agains shock advantage as she begins to tickle him, he leaps back. "Hey!"

"Fine, not tickling" she saids with her both of her hands behind her torso. She leans in and surprises him with a cushion she held behind. Despite the immentent "danger", they both close the distance between them. For a long moment, there was no surprise attacks coming from either side. Maybe they move on to a starring contest, Ada holds her breathe as Yihan continues to look a into her eyes.

Yihan finally says softly, "I wouldn't mind you know."

"What?" Ada ask leaning in closer.

He pulls a strand of a hair from her face, "if Alan got mad at us."

"Oh," Ada turns red, trying to deny how much she wants this, but is afraid of making the first step, just in case she is misreading his signals. Because that's happened to her way too many times before, and she always walk away ashamed. Before she can give a proper answer the doorbell rings.

They both part like two north magnet sides. Yihan gets up annoyed, "Argh. Alan forgot his keys again?!"

But it wasn't Alan and Adolf at the door, it was their friend Vio with dark circles under her eyes. She was panting as if she had ran up their stairs, which makes no sense their building had a two sets of perfectly functional elevators.

"What's wrong?" Yihan ask.

"My sister has been taken prisoner. Can you help me find out where she got taken to?" Vio says a hurried slur.

Yihan calls to Ada "better get your computer" as he lets Vio into their flat. 

Vio relays what Yule told her to Yihan and Ada.

> What if they first try to look her up in the gov jail/prison system

"Given what you told us," Yihan says processing. "They arrested her on minor charges, but they did so because she is helping the order so they probably are considering her a political terrorist."

"So she won't be in the county jail," Ada explains. "I think she might be in the Ryker's Facility. That is were they take all terrorist and murderers."

Vio tenses up thinking of her sister amoung the company of dangerous people. Between her and Lessa, Sicili was the only one who was never educated on how to hold her own in a fight. "How do I get her out?" 

"Well, first we'll need to figure out how to get in." Ada says. "They have an entire on-location data base, that is only accessible through their intranet. No one knows anything about the prison, other than those who work there."

"What excuse to you plan on using to go there?" Yihan ask Ada.

"We'll probably have to sneak in," says Ada.

"I'm not so sure..." Yihan starts, but pauses. "Can we speak alone for a bit?"

Ada looks at Vio, "do you mind?"

Vio shakes her head, "No, not at all. Thank you for listening."

After they get to Yihan's room he starts, "You asked me leave Chundu, the only home I knew, because somehow you got exhiled." Ada looks away, swallowing a tense breathe and hopes he will never find out why. "I never asked how, or why. I followed you and your brother to start over here."

Stuttering for the first time, she ask "Do.. do you.... you regret coming with us?"

"No," he says softer. "Being here in Galei was the best thing that happened to me. I love the life we've built together." he takes a hold of her hands in his. "I have a job I'm great at in a country that threats me with respect even though we are not citizens. I can forget that was born a subject to a great colonial empire." As the counts each of the benefits of living in Galei, he strokes his long fingers down her palm. Ada can feel the tingles of his touch, with each stroke making her heart beat a little faster.

"And you are asking e to throw all that away now, once again." Yihan explains. "By helping Vio break her sister out of jail, that's what we'll be risking if we get caught! The life you, Alan, and I have built together in Ixan."

"We won't get caught! I promise." she reassures him.

Yihan peers between his glasses, his eyes hidden by the darkness of the room. They had forgotten to turn on the lights when they walked in. "Can you really promise me that?"

"No I guess not," Ada reflects, but confidently she says, "but even if we do we can find a way to work it out."

Yihan sighs, and begins to chuckle. "How can I forget, you are Adeline Hart, Lady Wickshire. Your family will always bail you out of whatever trouble you get into. Killed a man? We'll let's just pay his loved ones?"

Ada winces, remembering the one time when she did indeed killed a man.

He continues to talk bitterly, "started a riot? They've got your bail! Found conspiring with anarchist against the empire? 'Let's just send her away, until everyone here forgets.'"

"Did you forget I joined the cause to free your people from my government?!" Ada reminds him. "If you don't want to help us with Vio's sister you don't have to. You can just stay out of it!" She had enough of his conversation, and opens his door. Light floods into the room to expose the pool of tears she had in her eyes.

Before she fully steps out, Yihan reminds her "that's what you don't understand. I can't! Who do you think they will question first if you or Alan gets caught for leaking security information?!"

Ada runs to the bathroom, after washing her face, she looks into the mirror. Turning the red gem stone necklace she had always worn several times, it begins to glow, hitting the mirror with it's rogue light. "Alan, Alan. We need you back at the flat."

In less than a minute, her brother's reflection replaces her own in the bathroom mirror. He was dressed in just his briefs. "I'll be back in an hour."

By the time Alan got back, Ada had gathered herself together and was planning in the kitchen with Vio. Yihan remained in his room, sleeping maybe. Yule had also arrived, eager to help rescue Sicili since he largely saw her imprisonment as his fault.

Alan lays down a blue print, "There is not much information about Ryker but I manage to pull this blue print from it's initial construction."

`Scene described with an hold blueprint of the facility`

"So since, the facility's data is an information black box. We must go in ourselves to access it," Yule confirms.

"Right," confirms Vio. "I am already a wanted person, since I've carried out hits on a few politicans. So we can use my capture as an excuse to go in."

"Once we bring her in, they will likely submit her for in-take," says Ada. Turning to her brother, "that's when you hack into the security system to turn the cameras off in the in-take room."

"I can take out the people is registering me into the prison, so you will have outfits to wear," says Vio. "Ada and Yule will stand by. Afterwards Ada will try to find Sicili in their database, and Yule will follow her instructions to rescue Sicili."

"And once we find her, Alan will go down to their electrical room and turn off the power, while we make an escape," Ada finalizes.

"How do we communicate with eachtother while inside?" ask Yule.

Alan brings out a few sets of earrings, "these are audio sets, we can keep in touch this way."

Yule lifts them, and realizes he may the the only one in the crowd without pierced ears. Ada takes notices and smiles, "don't worry about that, you can attach them to your collars."

Yule and Vio nods, they agree to meet tomorrowing evening before nightfall and drive to Ryker's Facility together. Ada tells Vio to come in something dishevealed. The two leave and Alan heads to bed. The sound of typing coming from Yihan's room suggest he might be awake, she she knocks on the door. The typing stops, but no other sound or motion seems to occur. 

"Yihan, are you awake? Can I come in?" she ask softly.

A few moment later, he opens the door. He had changed out of his dress shirt was was wearing a sleeves undershirt. He was no longer wearing glasses.

He steps back as she comes into the room closing the door. Yihan takes a seat on the side of his bed, with his hands folded, elbows resting on his knees. "I'm sorry, I just can't... this time. You are asking too much from me."

She joins him by the bed and whispers, "I know. You don't have to be part of this. And when they ask you, you'll tell them you know nothing." She reaches for his chin to make sure he was looking at her when she said it. "But if anything, happens to me. I want you to promise me, you'll take care of Alan. He's a light this dark world can't afford to lose."

Yihan nods, eyes bright fromt he city's lights. It was just like they were before, buried under a pile of cushions. Ada lets of his chin as she leans in towards his lips. Instead of finding his lips on hers, she bumps against his fingers, she slowly opens hers eyes.

"What are you wearing?" he asks.

"Nothing if you want," she teases.

"No, I mean..." he lips his fingers to show the violet gloss he pulled from her lips.

"Forgetful toxin," she explains. "You will not remember the next few hours. So if they do come questioning you, you won't know anything. And you won't be lying."

"Will it even work on me?" Yihan ask. "I can't forget. Somehow my brain doesn't sort away memories."

"I am not sure," she says.

He pull her to him again, "let's find out." His tongue licks away the glossy toxin from her lips. Ada shivers, eager to pull him closer but he pulls away. After swallowing he says, "you better go. If this toxin does work, I wouldn't want to wake up next to you, not remembering... our first night together, I want to remember that for the rest of my life."

"Knowing you, you probably will," Ada says slowly standing up. 

As she is about to head out, he calls out "and I promise. To keep Alan safe, if anything were to happen to you. But please don't let that happen, we have a meteor shower to watch when you get back tomorrow night."

Ada smiles and nods as she leaves the room.

---

Ada was sipping coffee, while Alan was making pancakes. Yihan finally comes out of his bedroom, "I might as well join you guys tonight, because I still remember what we talked about last night."

Ada smiles, she can't even though it wasn't important in the grand scheme of their safety, she was happy that he still remembers the intimate moments they shared last night. She knew it was risk, when she put the memory toxin in ther lip gloss. But it was a risk she had to take to keep him safe.

"So, how can I help?" Yihan ask.

---

When Yule drove up to Ryker's Facility it wasn't what any of them had expected. Well they didn't know what to expect since none of them had ever seen it, but from the blueprints they studied, they imagine it to look like this. Ryker's Facility for Criminal Rehabitation was on the far east side a little beyond Ixan's city limits. It was surrounded by a forest of pine trees, the facility itself is situationed on a clearing. The clearing is lined with immaculate green grass. Behind the trees, the sun starts to descend.

The main building is white, with Atonian facades decorating its arches and corners. There was a stable, several gardens, and even a green house. Prisoners and nurses gathered around the garden, there was a field where prisoners played football. 

Yule pulls up to a sign that says designated visitor's area. It had ample parking space for both motor vechiles and horse carriages. Once parked, he looks in the rearview mirror, where Vio has her hands tied behind her with handcuffs, Ada and Yihan sat on either side of her. "Ready?" he asks them.

Ada and Yihan were natural born actors, but Vio not so much. She could barely tell a white lie, luckily she didn't have to do much in this role but glare. They got out the car, and brings Vio up to the facility's security desk.

"Excuse us," Ada starts. The nurse at the security desk looks up, and Ada cracks her flirty half smile. She holds our her badge, and says "ICED Security, we have a wanted criminal. The castrating hit-woman, known to the public as Ace."

The nurse looks shocked, and Vio pulls her face in the best imitation of a demented grin she could muster. "Oh my, let me get the intake team. Is she...?"

"Constrained?" says Yihan. "Yes of course. She'll be no danger to you, miss."

In a few minutes a man in a security uniform and another nurse shows up to take Vio into a room beyond several series of bars. Ada walks up to the nurse asks, "Before we go, do you mind pointing us to the restroom. We've been driving hours to get here and..."

The nurse directs them to the guest bathrooms with the motion of her fingers. They hallway they walk down had salmon pink walls, lit by greenish florescent lights. Ada and Yihan each goes into separate rooms and wait.

Meanwile Vio was being lead down with another florescent light hallway, this one had a tint of yellow. She tries to calm herself by syncing her heartbeat to the vibrations of the light. She could also hear Alan's keyboard clattering through her ear piece, and Yule telling her that Ada and Yihan are now in place waiting for her. The attendants lead her into a room, with no windows and a solid steel door. At the corner of one ceiling is a camera, which she looks up at. 

> Does it even make sense to have security cameras?

"Ok, I see you," Alan says. "But give me a few seconds to take control of it."

> How does he hack it so the security guards don't notice their screen went blank.

When they demanded she strip down, she just stood here. After a few more commands, the guard pushed her down as the nurse made her way to undress Vio. She pretends to struggle against their grip.

"Okay, ready" Alan says. Vio could see the recording light on the security camera turn off. The workers were too busy struggling with her to notice. As they remove her cloth, two sharp wooden stakes strapped to her calves is revealed.

> Injects them both with Zaki's sleep venom

She grabs them stabs the guard's neck, making sure to not get his uniform stained. The nurse backs away, she knocks her unconscious with the dolly frame. With both of her captors unconscious, she fully undresses. With eagerness she puts on the prisoner's uniform, already laid out there for her on the dolly. She undresses, the guard and the nurse carefully. "Ada, I'm all set."

Ada and Yihan exit the bathroom and follow Alan's instructions to find the processing room where Vio is waiting for them.

In the room where they changed, Vio turns her head towards the doors and Ada and Yihan occupy opposite sides of the wall. When Yihan is done, he turns around to find Ada still hasn't gotten her top on yet. For the _ years he's been with the Hart siblings, they considered him their brother. He's seen the both in various stats of undressed many times. But he wonders if anything were to happen on this mission, will it be the last time he sees Ada's milky shoulders. When she is finally dressed she turns around. The shirt was little too small for her broad shoulders and fullsome cup. A few buttons on her nurse's shirt were threatening to pop.

The three nod to eachother, Ada and Yihan helps Vio fasten the straps on her straight jacket prisoner's uniform. 

Yihan takes the clipboard of the guard, "It saids, you are suppose stay in room 208," he says to Vio. Then to the headset, he ask "Alan, how do we get there?"

"Well one way requires you to go back arond to the main hall," says Alan. "Let's avoid that, I think you may be able to get there past the _."

"Ok, let's try that," Yihan says.

As they walk down the hallway, Ada keeps an eye out for anyone who may be looking at them with suspicion. So far both the prisoners and workers took no notice of them.

One of the prisoners, walks along side a nurse he mutters as they pass him "Is there a change you need to see or is this another disaster? Tell me how I'm suppose to feel." The nurse quickly shuffles him to walk faster.

Ada shivers a little at the uncanny interaction, Vio surprisingly notices this and pulls both of her arms towards Ada to hold her hand. Ada is grateful for the attempt to comfort her. When they approach another group of prisoners, laughing and holding ice fruit beverages, she let go of her hand.

One more corner, and a nurse waves to them. "Is this the new inmate? Umm... Ace?" Her name plate says Annie Faulker.

"Yes," says Yihan.

"Great, is she all suited up?", Nurse Faulker ask as she circles Vio to inspect her. "Very good, I'll take care of her for now."

They let go of their friend. Ada swallows, Nurse Faulker turns to her and says "Remember you have reception duty in 10 minutes. Don't late again."

"I won't," Ada says promptly.

They watch the nurse take Vio into room 208. Turning towards Yihan so it looks like she is speaking to them she says, "Alan, have you manage to break into their database system?"

"No, it seems I've only been able to get into their camera channels because they use a third party system. But all their data only accessible by wire," Alan explains, as he is frantically typing.

"Well I might be able to get that information for you," Ada says confidently.

When Ada finished her conversation with Alan, Yihan places his thumb over the speaker piece of her eyering almost cupping her cheeks. "Ten minutes before you can do that."

"Yes, we better stay out of sight until then," Ada finishes his thought.

Yihan looks around for a blindspot from the cameras. They were everywhere, even though this place looks like a sanitarium for rich people, it still is a prison after all. Then he sees it, "Alan is that utility closet over there covered?"

"Hmm.. let me see," says his friend. "Doesn't look like."

Yihan motions Ada, as they duck into the utility closet. The closet is small, with vials of chemicals and boxes of powders of different colors lined up against the walls. Ada checks that there's no cameras in this room.

"Good, no camera," she says and in the dark bumps her forehead bumps into Yihan's nose when she turns around, knocking off his glasses. "Oh, sorry!"

They both get on the ground looking for Yihan's glasses. While crawling in the dark, Yihan's brushed against her tights. Ada became embarrassing aware of how short this skirt was on her. From the smoke detector light, Yihan caught a clean a gleam of his frames. After he put his glasses on, they both stood up. Ending up just inches away from eachother. 

"Hey," Ada calls softly. "Do you think the people we borrowed clothes from are more than their collegues?"

Yihan raises and eye brow, "and they would meet in a closet just like his one?"

"On breaks, in between shifts," she says using his tie to pull her even closer. She finally let's out a sigh of relief when his hands finds her thighs again, this time holding firmly and hiking up her skirt.

> Light this seem in colors of In the Mood for Love

---

Vio's room was spacious, all white. It had a single bed, flanked by two nightstands. A ceramic vase of daisies rests on one and a lamp on the other. There was a large window that looks out into the garden, the windows didn't open and they were barred. 

"What should I do?" she ask over her ear piece.

"Just wait for now," Yule explains. "Ada is going to get into their database to figure out where Sicili is held."

She sighs and collaspes on the bed, "I hate waiting."

Luckily, just tend two men came into the room. "We are orderly," one of them explains. "we're hear to help you make this space feel like home."

Vio turns her mouth in a lopsided grin, "Perfect." She knocks over the ceramic vase, and grabs it's largest shard. They didn't have time to react to the incident, one of them reachs for his communication device to call for backup but she knocks it off his hands with her feet. Using his body as leverage she runs up his chest and twist, jamming the sharp shard into the other man's skull. They all tumble on into the ground, which one hook of the knee she locks the man she climbed on top of unconscious.

"Vio! What happened? Are you okay?!" Yule screams from the other end.

"Fine, I've got you two clothes," she answers standing up.

Yihan picks them up from her room, Vio demands to know the whereabouts of Sicili. But he doesn't know more than she does, and promptly heads to deliver the outfits of the orderly to Alan and Yule.

"I'm in the inmate records," Ada says over the headsets. "I'm not seeing anything under Aligheiri, nor Sicili."

"Did they get her name when they arrested her?" Vio asked Yule. "Maybe she gave them another name, it's not like she has identity documents."

"No, she was blantly honest and gave her real name," says Yule.

"What if she isn't here, and we are just on a wild goose chase?" says Alan.

"No, you said this the last place she could be." Vio says starting to cry. "She has to be here, she just has to be!"

Yule hearing the change of tone in her voice says, "Okay, maybe we'll try looking around the facility. Ada, can you go through the inmate's mug shots to see if any of them match?"

"Sure, thing. Wavey brown hair, large hazel eyes?" Ada ask to confirm.

"Angelic even when frowning," Yule reflects as he and Alan get out of the vehicle in their new outfits.

---

Alan and Yule found their way in pretending to be staff returning from break. For a high security prison, Ryker's Facility is rather relaxed about internal protocol. They walk through the east wing, which housed inmate's rooms. A man (same guy Yihan saw in group therapy) whispering to him self, and twiddling his thumbs, while his straight jacked is strapped behind his back walks by them. As he walk through the hallways a few other inmates giggle after he passed them.

A nurse approaches them, "hey if you don't have an assignment we need you over at 312. Get a mop and a bucket."

Yule nods, and after she left Alan looks at him, "I guess we'll have to take a detour."

When they got into room 312, they knew immediately why they had been called. The room reak of bile, a man on the ground was unconvusing, foam and more bike coming from his mouth.

Yule rushes to his aid and holds him upright so he does not choke on his own puke. "Quick get me glass of water," he commands Alan. Alan holding his breath trying to not throw up himself looks for a clean water source and finds a large glass jug by the sink. As Alan approaches him, the man's wide bloodshot blue eyes look at him pleading.

Yule takes the cup and slowly holds it for the inmate as he takes the water in first timid then greedy sips. Finishing the water they help him to his bed. 

Alan notices by his beside table is an open folder of the inmate's records. His name is Sam. He let the curiousity get the better of him, "How did you end up having a seizure? You aren't listed as epiletic."

"It's part of the treatment they give me." When Sam finally speaks, he did so in a soft but grainly voice. "They shock me, while showing images of my deviancy."

"Of your crimes?" Alan ask, flipping through the pages. It was odd that there is nothing under what he is serving his time for. 

"Well I turned myself in, because I was having troubling thoughts about killing the Prime Minister," says Sam. "This place is a rehabitation center, for those criminally insane. They promise to cure us of our immorality so we may return to society as peaceful and productve citizens." Sam wipes sweat from his forehead. "But I never imagined their treatment strategies will be his difficult to endure."

"They are torturing you here, you know that right?," Alan says.



---

Vio paces the circumference of her room, waiting to hear from her friends on the whereabouts of her sister. After twenty minutes a nurse comes in. "Ace, is that what we should call you? How are you feeling? We want you to be as comfortable as possible during our stay with us?"

"My stay here?" ask Vio. *Isn't she in prison for life with all the murders she's committed?*

"Why yes, you don't think we'll keep you here forever do you?" the nurse says with a smile. "You'll be free to go once you've been rehabilitated."

"Rehabilited," Vio says softly as she scans the room trying to understand the purpose of this facility. This place is too bright and clean to be a prison. it bothers her. To calm herself down she continues pacing.

"You seem stressed," observes the nurse. "I can help with that, take a seat."

"No, thank you," Vio mutters and she continues pacing. The nurse press a button on a remote from her pocket. A jolt of current runs into Vio ankle, from the metal band around her feet. The pain shots up her leg as she falls into the the grown. She winces, and looks up a the nurse in anguish.

The nurse in return looks entirely composed, "Now, why don't you take a seat. So I may help you."

Vio crawls with one of her legs still numb onto the edge of her bed. The nurse  instructs Vio sit up and take deep breathes as she focuses her glaze on her nurses finger. The scent of lavender fills the air, and Vio can feel her heartbeat restore itself to a slow and constant rhythm.

Lavender, Vio's wet nurse, Benedetta, had always smelled of honey and lavender. One night she accompanied her parents on a carriage ride. Illyria and Nomaru Alighieri sat on one side while, Benedetta held Vivara, who couldn't be more than half a year old, close to her bossom. Her own infant, sleeps peacefully in a basket lined with blankets. This may be the first time Benedetta has been in the company of her employers since they hired her. Nomaru will occasionally come into the nursery to check on his daughter, but Mistress Alighieri was too busy running the family business to speak to her. So Benedetta was rather surprised when they summoned her tonight to join them on a trip. To where they are going, they did not say.

Their carriage passed several towns and hills surrounding their estate into a dark forest. In the forest they travelled several hours. Along the journey, wolves howled, owls flew by, and the wind rivaled the wolves serendading their own songs to the moon. She slowly notice they are approaching the scent of burning pines.

"There's a fire ahead!" she alerted her mistress.

"We are almost there," Illyria said calmly, the way she says everything. 

In a few minutes the carriage pulled to a stop. They had arrived at a cave, its opening buzzed with fireflies. Illyria steps out, followed by Benedetta and then Nomaru. Benedetta straps her son, still a sleep to her back.

Illyria takes out a vial from her pocket, and release the gas inside it. "Pardon," she says with a wave of the hand that held the vial the fireflies dispersed. The three of them walked into the cave, Vio had just took notice of her new environment and started crying. It seems she does not like caves. As they got deeper into the cave the walls are lit with bio-luminescent algae and crystals jutted out reflecting the light of the small life forms. The finally came up on a large chamber, filled with pools of water each containing a reflection of the full moon that shone through a hole in the cave. One of the pools rippled as a woman rose to surface from its depths. Benedetta yelps, which did not help to calm the already uneasy Vivara down.

Illyria turns to the creature in the water, kneeling to meet her eye level, she says "Madame Aradia, I have come to seek your aid."

The woman rose naked from the water, her skin had the texture of polished leather. Her fingers were long, nails even longer, their silvery metallic sheen glistened in the moonlight. Fur covered her from the waiste down, her feet were hooves. He eyes rounded out like a feline, amber irises scanned the guest. On her forehead was the indentation of a crescent moon. Benedetta noticed it pulsed as if something alive existed behind the crescent.

Aradia raises one arm to the moon, under its light her long hair shone violet. A glistening white robe formed around her body. Finally turning to her guest, she floats Illyria and Nomaru in the air. They seem to be suffocating, baby Vivara begins to cry. Benedetta shocked, because she rarely cries.

"I am Princess Aradia, witch saint of the disposed! How dare you seek me, lady. You've lived in privilege all your life," she spits.

Benedetta pleads, "Please let go of my mistress. She has been the kindest ruler of our city state. No, peasants have gone hungry since she took reign. Her partner Nomaru, takes monthly visits into our towns to witness first hand the condition of the commoners."

> Don't prophesize her powers. That's too prescriptive. Say something like she has a fragile heart, and will be broken a thousand times. Fragments into a million pieces scattered all over the world.

Aradia looks into her eyes and lands on the crying infant. Vivara must sense she is being watched, immediately went silent. Both witch and baby drawn to eachother. Aradia drops Illyria and Nomaru to the ground, as she approaches Benedetta and Vivara. "This child may one day bring upon the downfall of an empire," Aradia says transfixed. She runs her nails along Vivara's cheek. She giggles and tries to reach for the crescent moon on Aradia's forehead.

"This is why we are here," Illyria says after standing up. "She may be the heir of my family one day. But only if she wins the duel to rule against her older cousin."

"We want to make sure she will win," Nomaru says. "The duke is not a kind man. He is greedy and power hungry, if his daughter rules we cannot guarentee the well being of the people in our city state."

Aradia turns to them, "very well, but it does not come for free." Turning to Benedetta she lifts her son from her sachet into the air. He had finally waken up, and started wailing.

"Put him down," Benedetta demands. Aradia ignores her. The wet nurse turns to her employeers and in tears ask, "make her stop! make her stop!" But neither Illyria or Nomaru makes any move to object. Vivara was if joining in protest starts to cry as well.

The baby boy levitated high in the cavernous room, up , up the ascends, the higher he gets he louder he cry. Until his torso is impaled by one of the crystals jutting out from the cave. The whole cave suddenly becomes silent. The boy's blood drips into one of the pools, slowly in pours from the infant's body, as the crystal drains the life from him. Benedetta drops to the ground, in horror of watching what  happend to her son. Illyria came up to her to take Vivara into her own arms. It was the first time, she's held her daughter since she had given birth to her.

"No!!!! Erik!!!" Benedetta cried, grapping on to the coat tails of her mistress. "You're a monster! You may play at being the kind ruling lady, champion of the people. But you are cold. It's all a facade. You'll stop at nothing to keep your power."

Illyria looked truly sorry, but she knew it had to be done. "I'm sorry." She unwraps Vivara from her garments, and presents her daughter to the witch.

Aradia takes Vivara who is still crying, who cooes the babe in her arms as she brings her up to the blood filled pool. She close her eyes and turns her face towards the moon, she chants while rocking Vivara in her arms. "Mother, grant me the permission to unleash the dormant energies in this child." The moon's light shines brighter on her face, and the crescent marking on her forehead flashes open revealing a third eye. Vivara finally stopped crying. Aradia turns towards the boy held still by the crystal spike. "Father, lend me your mightly brightness to protect this child from harm." The last drop of blood drains out of the boy's body and falls into the pool. She submerges baby Vivara into the pool of bloody. The blood in the water, as if magnetic filings, consolidates towards the Vivara. The water in the pool is clear now, with the blood drained into the baby. Her skins glows scarlet and eyes turn silver, as if they were mirrors glazing up at the moon. "Grant her your power in battle. She shall be your dagger, and you her welder." The ground from the floor of the pool shoots up, bringing with it Vivara and the water falls away from her body. The moon glows red, as Vivara's sill reverted back to its normal color. 

Turning to Illyria, the witch announces to Illyria. "The ritual is complete."

Illyria goes to retrieve her baby from the newly created alter and wrap her back up in clothing. "Thank you, Madamde Aradia."

Nomaru takes a heavy pocket of gold and places it on the ground, "more shall be sent to you in the coming moons."

> Her fragmented heart shall shatter empires

"Take your metals," Aradia commands, sounding offended. "I do not cast spells for such earthly rewards." She turns to Illyria, "What I have performed for you is a favor, and one day I shall come to collect payment. Your daughter will be the downbringer of empires." Illyria opens her mouth in a joyful smile. "But, I'm afraid you may not be there to see her conquest and glory."

"That is expected, Atonian city state rulers don't live long." Illyria says. Nomaru gathers Benedetta and the four of them head out of the cave.

This night was the last night the Alighieri family saw Benedetta. The wet nurse, left Atonia soon after. Some of the servants say, she headed up into the mountains to forget.

---

Yihan strolls down the cooridor of the west wing. He stops by every room to peer through the windows. If anyone ask, he is checking the smoke detectors are correctly placed.

The west wing didn't have many inmates, it is primarily filled with staffs offices and group therapy rooms. He looks into a room, where a session is currently taking place. One was the inmates is currently talking, Yihan can't make out what he is saying. But it doesn't seem the Vio's sister is among them. In the room sits eight other inmates and a facilitor.

When the inmate finishes talking his peers begin to boo him. The facilitor eggs them on. They throw crackers and juice at him, until he stands up, eager for some personal space. He is trying to hide his face, now filled with snot and tears, flushed beet red. But when he turns around, he trips over his own chair. The room explodes in laugher as the man hurries out the room. With a few moments of the door opened, Yihan hears the facilitor say "I think we certainly, helped him. Next time I'd appreciate if you guys didn't make a mess."

"We can call and orderly to clean up," says an inmate.

The crying inmate accidentally bumps into Yihan on the way out, leaving a grape juice stan on his immaculate guard's uniform.

"Roland! Road!" a nurse at the end of the hall calls. At first he thought that was the name of the inmate who ran out, but as his approaches him he realized it was suppose to be his name.

Turning to face him, he ask "Yes?"

"You are wanted in the interview room!" He demains.

"For what?" Yihan ask hoping to not sound too ignorant.

"New inmate, they've finally caught The Bloody Butler. Been a day huh? First The Castrating Assassin, and now him. We are going to have to ward off the press at our doors with so many big name criminals staying with us."

"Yeah, things are gonna get interesting around here," says Yihan. "Well, I better get to our new inmate."

"See you around. Still on for cards on Thursday?" ask the nurse.

"Sure," Yihan says running down the hall. Holding tight to his headset, he asks "Ada, where's the interview room?"

"Three doors left of the room, Vio got processed in," she answers promptly. "Why are you going there? Shouldn't you be in the west wing?"

"I am there now. No signs of Sicili, but I... Roland got called to do a job. Just like you are," he says.

When Yihan found the interview room, the nurse who took Vio from them was waiting outside. "Finally you're here," she says with a tint of annoyance in her voice. Handing him a clipboard, "here's the set of questions we need to retrieve from him. And here's something to help, when things get tough. Just put a few drops in his water, and he'll get talking." She hands in a small green vial.

"Butterfly venom?" he says inspecting it.

She raises an eyebrow, "of course, what else would we use?! We are expecting a new shipment today. This new supplier is can create potions, we've never even heard of!"

"I see," Yihan mutters.

"Well, I'll let you do your thing," says the nurse and she heads back to main reception.

'*Do my thing*,' Yihan thought. He was no stranger to the techniques of interrogation. When he and the Harts first joined ICED's security they had to do their fair share of beat cop work. While they were ever allowed in the fields, they filled endless reports for the officers, and performed interviews with the suspects they would bring in. Yihan had always been the best at seperating the truth from lies, because he had significantly better people skills than the siblings. His near perfect memory also helped.

The bloodly bulter has no blood on him at all. He has close cropped blond hair, a cleanly shaven square jaw. He sits upright on his chair with the sleeves of his straight jacket firmly attached to the table. Yihan can feel the butler's blue eys peirece through him as he enter the room.

"They sent you to.... torture me?" ask the butler with one eyebrow raised.

"I'm just going to ask you a few questions," say Yihan.

The butler rolls his tongue across the inside of his mouth. Jutting it forwards his left check before closing his mouth to say, "questions. That's all anyone's got for me. What about some good old fashion punishment?" He gives Yihan a suggestive smile, and in a low voice "after all, I did kill an entire household." Yihan made no signal of responding. And after a few long moments passes, "No? Don't swing that way?"

"This interview is not about me," Yihan declares.

The butler raise his arms with the limited capacity that he can, "me! Me! Me! Why does everyone all of the sudden want to talk about me?! I've been invisible and passed over for so long."

"Is that why you killed them? Because you felt invisible?" Yihan ask.  The butler looks at his fingers, taps his right pointer, then is middle, then his ring. Pauses, then does the same with his left hand.

"When something like this happens, everyone wants to know why. As if finding the root cause of an evil deed, will help us extinguish evil all together," the butler wonders. "People like roots, if you can pull weeds from their roots, then you'll be able to clean up your garden. But what they don't seem to be looking for are the seeds, spread out long ago. From these weeds, from other weeds."

"So you are saying there are many reasons?" Yihan ask. "Your hatred towards the family just grew over time?"

"Let's make this clear. I never hated Vrooms. I loved them, they were my family," the butler says with a tint of saddness in his voice. And 

Yihan believes him, so far ever word out of the butler's mouth has been combative. But what he had just said, didn't carry the same tone. He seems genuinely sad that they are dead. Yihan wonders if the butler is feeling remorse. Looking at his notes, he says. "And you may have really loved one of them. Their heir, Jasper Vroom. You two were close, weren't you?"

The butler raises his eyebrows again. "Is that a question? Or you are asking for confirmation, of what you and probably everyone else already knows. Yes, what they say in the tabloids is true. You can say, we were lovers."

"He was found stabbed to death in the study, while the rest of the family died of poison in the dining room. Was he was the first you killed that night?" Yihan ask. "Were you two having a lover's quarrel? You might not have meant to but accidentally harm him?! It's okay, sometimes situations can get out of hand. We're here to help you."

"Aren't you not suppose to ask leading questions?" the butler points out. "If I am indeed mentally unstable, and don't remember well what happened that night. Then your hypothosizing will just lead me to rewrite my memories."

"Okay, do you remember that night? How clearly do you remember it?" Yihan asks.

"Like the springs of my home," he says dreamily.

"And where is your home?" Yihan ask. The his records only goes as far as from the point he came into be in service to the Vroom family, around the age of fifteen. It was as if he never existed outside of the Vroom family. Yihan wonders does anyone recognize him without his association to the Harts.

"For my people, home is not a place." the butler explains. "We were the Owl tribe in the mountains."

"The Owl tribe," Yihan notes. He wishes Yule was here, maybe the commander will have more luck with his man being both from the mountains. Then again, they might have come from rival tribes. So maybe there's some bad blood he doesn't want to stir up.

"How did you come into the service of the Vrooms?" Yihan ask, genuinely curious.

"Sir Vroom, as you probably already know, is a general with The Order," the butler explains. He crosses his fingers and looks directly into Yihan's mask. "When The Order came, you are either slaughtered or enslaved."

--- flashback ---

`a teenager holding a spear, bloody and bruised.` "The Order dyed our clear rivers and lakes with our own blood. General Vroom was crusading with his family, they too used to be tribesmen, and haven't had a home to settle down in yet after joining up with The Order."

`a general on horseback holding his hand up to the teenager` "It's dangerous going to war with your wife and two children. So he hired me to be their protector."

"I was eager to leave this scorched land. No point of sticking around, if the people who have made home for me are dead."

`Yihan remembers leaving Chundu, after the death of his brother.`

"So, became the Vroom's family's guard while on the road. When the general decided to retire, we settled down in Galei. No need for a full time body guard, so I became the master of the male servants of their villa."

--- end flashback ---

"It must have been difficult for you, seeing your home invaded," Yihan having been born into the colonized Chundu knows that feeling all too well.

"It wasn't that difficult. She made it easy to forget the past," says the butler.

"The general's wife?" ask Yihan.

"No, Janine," says the butler. The wall he had built when Yihan first came into the room only had but a few stray bricks on it now.

Yihan refers to his notes, Janine Vroom the twin sister of Jasper, and the only Vroom left alive. The night the murder took place was during their annual family reunion, and yet she was all the way in Atonia.

"Why didn't Janine came back for the family reunion?" Yihan ask.

The butler immediately stiffens, and immediately re-erects his wall again. "I don't know, she is sick maybe."

"Maybe?" Yihan presses on, he knows the butler is hiding something.

"She's been unwell a lot these recent years. Or maybe her husband got into one of his temper tantrums won't let her come?!" he says banging his forearms agains the table. Yihan seems to hit upon an emotional topic. The calm and collected butler who played mind games with him is gone. The man before him now is annoyed and exposed.

"Her husband, have you met him? Does he come to the family reunions?" Yihan ask.

"No, he's an Atonian warlord. Too busy to have a nice sit down with some mountain tribe barbarians," the butler says. And under his breathe, when he didn't think Yihan was listening since he was going through the notes. "But too busy that he doesn't have time to beat his wife."

But Yihan did catch that, "Has Janine spoke to you or her family of the physical harm she endures?"

"How is that relevant to your case on me?!" exclaims butler.

Yihan starts to understand why he tensed up, when he started to ask questions about her. So he lies, or rather he isn't sure if what he is about to say is true, but it might get the butler to be more honest. "You want to protect her, I can see that. But since she is the only family member not present, and is now the sole heir of the family's fortune. She also is a suspect. Galeian agents have been deployed to Atonia to question her."

"She doesn't get the entire family fortune. The Order gets half of it," the butler corrects. "So what's their working theory? Janine conspired me to kill my household?!"

"That could be plausible," says Yihan.

"She doesn't know. And I can testify that in court. She probably got the news of our family's death in the news like everyone else. Janine is probably crying her eyes out for Jasper. right. Now," the butler says sternly.

"Jasper, who you killed." Yihan states. "Now, how do you think she'll feel about you when she finds out you killed him."

"She'll hate me," the butler reflects. He looks defeated, as if he no longer has the will to hold up his body. The man who sat upright and elegant, just slides down in his chair, letting his straight jacket straps and the furniture they are anchored to hold him up. "But at least she'll have enough money to leave that wrecked husband of hers and move back to Galei."

Now this time Yihan stiffs, because he can see his future self in the butler. He is a man invisible. He had given so much love and devotion to the Vrooms, that he no longer exist as an individual anymore.

---

When Vio opens her eyes, the room no longer smells of lavender. It was now night time. But the nurse was still sitting where she had been, reading a book under her bedside table's light. 

"You are back," she comments.

"What... what time is it?" Vio asks.

"Here, we don't concern ourselves with time. Your rehabilitation process is arriving at full recovery," the nurse explains.

"But... I..." Vio starts. "Did I say anything when I was..." she wasn't sure what she before, asleep? Did she really sleep sitting up? Was she in a trance?

"You cried. A lot. But no you didn't say anything," the nurse says. She undoes the binds on Vio's straight jacket and stands up, and heads towards the door. "You must be tired from recovering your memories. Today is your first day, so we want you to take it slow. I'll send dinner up to you." And with that she left, knocking the door from outside.

Once the nurse is gone, Vio didn't want to waste anytime. "Yule?!" she calls to her headset.

"Are you alright? You didn't reply for a few hours." he answers from the other end.

"I'm fine. Did you find Sicili? Can we get out of here now?!" she ask.

Yule makes a few vocalizations through the headset, but he didn't reply. Then Ada speaks up, "we looked through the entire facility. She's not here."

"What do you mean she's not here?!" Vio demands. "You said she had to be here! She's not on record anywhere else!"

"I'm sorry," Yihan speaks up. "But we can't find her."

"No, no!" Vio cries through the headset. "Alan?! Let me out! I'll go find her myself."

"We've lost track of Alan too," Yihan explains. "Ada and I are looking for him now."

Vio rips her earpiece from her lobes, and throws them across the room. In frustration she sobs folding in on herself. She stay that way for a some time, she doesn't know how long. There are no clocks in her room, as the nurse said time does not exist here.

When the door of her room opens, letting in beams of light from the hallway, Vio raises her head. Standing at the entrance is another nurse, who came up to deliver her dinner and a small cup of medication. Vio was tired of playing inmate, she lunged at her nurse. Making her lose her balance as she grabs the she of keys around her wrist and dashes out the door. Knocking the nurse inside. She's hurt a lot of people today, at least she left this nurse inside with a tray of fresh food. If her friends can't find Sicili, she'll have to do it herself. Don't depend on other people to rescue your own sister.



