# 9: Invisible kingdom collides with space and time

# Discovers Edgar was a puppet

From the darkness beyond the stage comes an wave of applause. The lights in the miniature theatre turn out revealing Galeian parliament members who rising from their seats. Five of them step forward, the prime minister's advisory board. 

One man picks up prime minister Edgar von Essen's head from the ground, still sparking with electricity. "It's a shame, this may take week's to repair. We'll just have to tell the public von Essen has the flu."

Jacques stood there horrified. They used to be friends, close friends, was that all a lie? "Eh.. eh... Edgar..."

Vio confused by this, and the only one with no personal attachment to Edgar von Essen, speaks her mind. "So Galiean's president is a robot?"

"He hasn't always been one," a woman from the circle of five explains. "Before, he was just an eager to be liked living breathing human. We had him under our control, but in a way you'll control any figurehead ruler."

"A few years he fell in," another says. "If he died, then we'll have to host an re-election and the new prime minister may not be as easy to manipulate. So we brought in the primier cybernetics doctor from the Ice farms. It's very cold there, and people are constantly losing body parts from the cold and malnutrition."

"and their livers from having vodka instead of water," one of them jokes.

Jacques clearly does not think this is funny, "how much of Edgar is still in there!"

The council of five looks at each other, none of them say a word. The woman makes a pained expression and finally says softly, "I'm sorry. But his heart, his brain, it's all gone."

Both Zaki and Jacques drop to their knees in despair, both grieving for every different reasons. Vio turns her head back and forth at both of them, uncertain which one need her support more. Then again, she is never good at comforting people, she always says the wrong things.


---

# Alan comforts Ada

 Even though she had always loved parties, Ada struggles to smile at this one. She might throw her beverage at the next girl who ask, "where is Yihan? He normally comes so well dressed." She has been finishing her drink, everytime someone asked that question. And she lost count of how many she had, maybe a few too many. She grip on on the railing of the the grand stairs trying to keep her balance.

"Are you okay?" Alan ask coming up to her. Ada nods, not wanting to worry him. The last thing she needs tonight is her brother taking care of her drunken face. "No, you don't look so good. Let's get some fresh air." Alan drags Ada out of the ballroom, through the cooridors and into the balcony looking over the garden.

Once they are alone, she slides to the ground with tears streaming down her cheeks. Alan pulls a hankerchief from his breast pocket. Ada used it to dry her tears, before looking at it. The hankchief is lavendar with cream white swallows. This was a birthday their parents sent him from Chundu a few years ago, made from the finest Hanon silk. And now it's stained with kohl around her eyes.

Alan sits down next to her, and watches his older sister breathe heavily for a minute. Sometimes she becomes sad drunk, he guess tonight is one of those nights. Their long time friend, who was like a brother to them both, having left just a couple of days ago didn't help their mood tonight. He brings her face to his chest.

She finally speaks, "I pushed him away."

"No, you didn't. How could you have done that, it seems that you two were getting closer lately," he says trying to sound positive.

"Too close. We crossed the line," Ada confessed.

Alan freezes, this explains so many weird instance between his sister and best friend he had been noticing.

"I was afraid to tell you," Ada explains. "I knew you'll get weird about it."

"I... no... I... what exactly.... no never mind, I don't want to know," Alan tries to reassure her. There he was trying to convince her that he won't feel weird about it. And yes, here he is being weird about it.

Ada laughs softly, "see? I knew you would get weird about it." Wrapping her arms around Alan's chest, she says "any way it doesn't matter anymore. He's gone, and it's just us again."

Alan presses his lips against her forehead, "you and me against the world. Forever." They sit like this in silence, they didn't always need words to communicate.

"Aww... now isn't that sweet. The noble Harts having a moment," someone says standing over them. It was the man who kept looking at them when they were talking to Zaki and Vio.

---

# Discovers Zaki killed Lessa

"Vivara Alighieri, who would have though you made it out of that fire alive." One of the councilmen steps up, he had dark hair and a goattie. Nose looked like that of an eagle, in a way no Galeian had. That's because he's not Galeian, he was an Atonian serving in this council. "And mine look at how fine you've grown. It's a shame, you never get to fight your counsin Lesbia for the blood match. You would have won for sure. But I guess, since she's dead you're the defacto heir."

Vio narrows her eyes, trying to figure out who does this stranger know her real name and so much about her family. "How did you know..." then it suddenly hit her. She seen this man before, he attended some of her family's parties. He belonged to a rival city state. But as the tradition of Atonians go, they kept their enemies close. Constantly going to one another's parties, even as they deployed their mercenaries out in the fields. "Giovanni diVitta. What are you doing here?"

"Well, after The Order had taken over our peninsula.  I knew it was no place be, let alone rule. So I high tailed it out, now I'm the foreign affairs advisor. Not bad eh?" he says mockingly.

"How long have you known about me?" Vio ask.

"Us," he corrects. "I've been keeping tabs on your sister and counsin for years. Afterall, when we wipe out The Order, we don't want some girls from the noble bloodlines running back to turn it back into the chaotic mess it was before. Because the High Priest is right about one thing, it's alll the in fighting that allowed Atonia to destroy itself."

"So what? You plan to wipe us out?" Vio says growing more annoyed.

"Welll that was the plan initially, I even hired the city's best poison maker to get rid of you girls," he motions to Zaki, who looks up ashamed. "But he only manage to kill one. He was suppose to get you, but then a few months ago. He gave up on me! 'I quit!' he said, then dropped off the advanced I had given him for killing your cousin." He minicks Zaki walking off in his large trench coat.

Vio looks at Zaki, the murderer of her cousin had shared meals with them. She had kissed him, those same lips used to poison her cousin. She can feel her consciousness slipping away, the moon taking away her reasoning, and fire rising from her feet. She turns to "Jacques, if this is what you wanted to see. Well here you have it!"

Jacques watch the irises of her eyes disappear and her eyes turn into orbs of glass. The mystery of her powers had always intrigued him, but demonstration of her powers in action frighten him. Zaki stood up, "if you don't want to take any chances with your life tonight, now is the time to leave." Without hesitation Jacques sprints out of the theatre. Zaki on the other hand picks up his blade, and places his back against Vio. He's not sure if she is still in there, or her body is just a shell to enact celestial powers. But he wants to be on the prior, "I'm here for you." She presses her back close to his as if acknowledging his words, before thrusting one of her daggers into the eye of the Atonian councilmen.

---

# Ryker's warren finds Harts

"It's you," Ada says suddenly standing up. "Why were you watching us?!"

"Well I was rather offended. You came to *my* prison, but didn't bother to stop by the warren's office to say hello," he says with his hands over his chest indicating hurt. They were naive to think their attempted break in will go unnoticed. "I understand you guys are pretty high up in the security department. But next time you decide that one of my inmates is wrongful held, I want you to talk to me first." He looks at Alan who also stood up now.

"How," Alan says.

"Oh, Sam told me everything," the warren says with a smile as wide as his arms sweeping when he said the word 'everything'. "He told me how you tried to convince him to leave with you."

"He was leaving with me," Alan says.

"Until you guys abandoned him with the guard," the warren clarifies. Alan bites his lip, they shouldn't have left without Sam or the guard who caught them alive. He also couldn't believe Sam had betrayed him by telling the warren, but he guess the warren was right they did leave him. After all he had know Alan for less than twenty minutes, what loyalty did he owe him.

Ada speaks up, "Sure we broke in. But what you are doing to the inmates! That should be illegal! It's inhumane. Just we you wait, we'll tell parliment. They won't let you continue to run Ryker's Facility."

"Oh, parliament knows", the warren laughs, "just exactly how I've been running Rykers. In fact they requested it, to try some new treatments on these hopeless scum."

"Then we'll tell the public!" Ada spits back.

The warren shakes his held slowly, "I'm afraid you won't get the chance." Four armed men appear behind him, fully suited, assault rifles loaded.

Alan takes his sister's hand, neither of them were fighters. They were mathematicans, so they did the only sane action a mathematician will do in this scenario. They run!

---

# Vio tempted to kill Zaki

Luckily for the owners of this mansion, the seats in this theatre are deep scarlet. They can just claim the bloodstains were always there, just a natural part of the upholstery's pattern. Vio picks up one dagger from the floor, and talks over to a body and removes the other lodged into a man's chest.

Zaki takes a step back towards the curtains. This was not the first time, he had seen her attack a room full of people. But this time was different, when they were trapped in the church with Edgar's special force squad, she fought them off. That was a fair fight, they would have done the same to her. But this time it is different, these are middle aged politicans, not trained killers. This was a slaughter. He repolish the tip of his blade with the last drops of poison, before she turns to him. The glassy glaze from her eyes are gone, her irises reappeared. She is no longer in a trance, but the Vio who approaches him does not look like she is done with killing for the night either.

With both daggers pointed to the ground, still dripping of blood, she speaks. "You killed Lessa. And you were going to do the same with Sicili, aren't you?!"

"Well, initially yes, that was the assignment," he says as he steps backwards. "But I fell in love. Look, I gave the guy who hired me his money back. Even the money I earned for your cousin."

As if she hadn't heard him or whatever he says no longer matters, she repeats. "You killed my cousin. She was Sicili's guardian. She worked her body off to keep her safe. If you really love Sicili, how could you?!"

"I didn't know Sicili then," Zaki explains "and after meeting you two. I feel terribly guilty for what, I've done. I truly am sorry."

"Sorry won't bring her back!" she says as she slices through the air. "Edgar said he was sorry, did that matter to you?"

"No, but you are someone who forgives regardless of someone has done" Zaki tries to remind her.

"The woman who believes in forgiveness is gone," she says taking another slice his direction. She wasn't intending to kill him just yet, he can tell she is still toying with him. Because the moment she intends to make killing blows, he won't have time to reflect on her intentions. He steps towards a dark corner hoping for more cover. 

"It was just a job," says Zaki. "You said so yourself before, no one needs to die because of their job."

"It was just my cousin, who died because you were doing your job," she sweeps her dagger so close this time he had to perrying it with his own. Zaki knows he's running out of time for talking. But then a doors opens flooding in light from the hallway into the dim theatre.

"Vio! Zaki!" Sicili calls from the entrance. "What are you guys doing?! The coach is here, we have to go!"

"Oh, he won't be coming with us," Vio says. "He die right here!"

Sicili runs inbetween them, "what do you mean?!"

"You know how we spent years trying to find Lessa's killer?" Vio says addressing her sister, with her head tilted to the side in a mock curious expression. "He's been in front of us all along."

Sicili looks at Zaki, "no" she mutters.

"Yes," he says. "But I didn't mean to. I can explain..."

"Explain later," Sicili says not looking at him in the eye. "No matter what he's done, killing him won't bring Lessa back. Nor will it bring you peace about never getting to fight her when you grow up." Talking up to her sister she puts her hand on her forearm holding her daggers. Looking up at Vio in the eye, she says "Lady Lygeia would listen to him, even if he murdered her children."

"I wish he had," Vio spits. She breathes deeply, Sicili is right she knows it. "Let's go." The three of them leave the blood stained theatre.

Sicili guides them through to unoccupied halls since at their current state of dress Vio and Zaki will not be able to mask as casual ball attendees no longer. Right when they are home free, the come colliding with the Harts running fast, and behind them gun shots.

# Alan gets shot

"Come with us," Vio calls grabbing Ada's hand. Alan stops to knock over a stone bust hoping it will stop their pursuers. He fell several paces behind them, but knowing he can sprint fast, it didn't matter until a bullet flew threw his chest. Blood marks the place of his heart on his cream suit.

"Nooooo!!!!" Ada screams running towards her brother. But Vio holds her back, the redhead was surprisingly strong. They were not going to make it to their escape carrage safely with four snipers after them. She gives Ada to Sicili as she and Zaki goes to fight them. The snipers were much less trained in melee.

"Let me go," Ada struggles with Sicili.

"It's too late," Sicili says. "There's nothing you can do." Ada wails into Sicili's dress.

Zaki returns to Sicili after they fend off the snipers, "which way?"

Sicili pulls Ada up and the four of them run towards the stable, where Yule is waiting for them in the dark with a carriage. He sighs of relief when he sees them. Sicili and Ada climbs inside. Vio follows suit, and Zaki stands there looking back at the mansion, where emergency sirens started to sound. He guess someone must have found the bodies.

# Zaki decides to stay in Galei

"Com'on let's go," Vio calls out to Zaki. Turning back to the girls in the carriage, he says "I can't. Not this time. I spent my whole life running away, hiding from the world. My family wasn't the first who Edgar's friends had terrorized, nor were they the last. Because I decide to sta quiet, I let Hastuit be threated like second glass citizens. We were all too quiet. We held our mistreatment as shame, and kept silent."

"What now?" Vio ask getting out of the carriage to talk to him at face level.

"Now, I face the lights. I'll take the blame for all the blood shed tonight, because afterall it was my plan. My vengence gone wrong."

"But you didn't kill all those people, I did!" Vio is starting to cry.

Zaki lifts his left lip in a lopsided smirk, "I would have if you just given me some time."

Yule finally speaks from the coach's seat, "Don't make yourself a martyr. Be strategic!"

"I am. By hiding after I've been wrongly accused of murder, I also hid the truth from everyone. My strategy for turning myself in is show Galei, no the world, will know of the injustices our country lets slip by right within our capitol city. I want everyone to know, powerholding people here too need to be held accountable for their actions."

Search lights from the roof of the building turn on. They all look at them, as Sicili pulls her sister into the carriage. As Yule grabs the horse straps, "And for the record, we haven't forgiven you about Lessa yet," Vio clarifies.

"I don't expect you to," Zaki says with a nod.

"But..." Vio pauses, "it's been nice fighting together."

"Thank you for doing most of the work," Zaki says as he walks back towards the ball. Zaki didn't know what punishments he'll face. Maybe they won't have time to bother on him at all, after the public finds out who Edgar really is for 4 years. Zaki fiddles with the tape recorder in his pocket.

---

# Say goodbye to  Yule

Once back on the east side of the city, back to Vio's flat they girls changed out of the dresses. Vio cropped her hair and put on the coach's uniform that Yule was wearing when he picked them up. The shoulders were a little wide for her, but hopefully no one on the road will question her ill fitting outfit. While was trying to pack clothes for both her and Ada, Sicili walks Yule out as he leaves to go back to the cathedral.

"Thank you for everything," she says.

"I should thank you. If it wasn't for helping me you wouldn't have to go away." Yule says.

"It would have happened sooner or later," Sicili tries to comfort him. "In the line of work Vio takes on, and who our family are... used to be... people will come after us regardless. We are never really safe."

"No, but I will fight hard to make that for you. I want to make a safe world for you to live in. A world where everyone can live in without fear, of being uprooted by forces beyond their control. The world Lady Lygeia would have wanted to create," Yule promises.

Sicili nods and brings her hand up to Yule cheek, "promise me one thing. Don't lose yourself in the process."

"I promise," Yule saids. She wraps both of her arms around his neck and buries her face in his shoulders. He hugs her back.

Meanwhile Vio was trying to get Ada to try on some of their clothes. Their space only had one mirror and that was in Sicili's room. It was difficult getting Ada to get dressed, because the girl was almost catatonic. When Vio came back to Sicili's room to see if Ada had choosen a few outfits yet she found her in her underwear, twirling a pendant between her fingers and look at the mirror. 

"Ada? Did you choose yet?" Vio ask.

"Oh!" Ada looks up startled. "Yes, these three should be fine." She takes the three outfits closer to her. It was clear that she didn't even bother to try them on. Vio guess it doesn't matter, afterall ill fitting clothes are the least of their problems.

---

# Camp out

Over night Vio drove them out of Ixan proper into a nearby town where they can take lodgings. She writes a letter to Helga, informing her and Gretchen they will be passing by on their way out of the country. It will be at least a few days by horse carriage for them to reach Ivonne. The next day they travel all day; as they go north the plains and farms are replaced with dense and denser evergreen woods. By night fall they decide to stay in the forest for the night. Vio went out to hunt, while Sicili and Ada setup camp and feed the horses. 

Vio returns with three quails and one fish she caught from the river. As they eat around the campfire, Ada finally says something. She asks Vio, "is this what living in the mountains were like?"

Sicili flinch, she knows her sister doesn't like being asked about the time when she lived three years alone in a cave after  they got seperated. She expected Vio to try changing the topic or give a laconic single word answer. Instead Vio says, "not all at all. I was less motivated to hunt when I am just by myself. So I only ever did it when my wolf was ill. I missed her though, with her there were no expectations.The cave we lived in was too small, and the surrounding terrain too steep and rocky for any mountain tribe to settle in. So we were safe, nothing to run from nor any reason to hide."

"Is that why you stayed? Why you didn't try traveling to a town after you recovered from your fall?" Ada ask.

Vio didn't answer this one immediately, because she herself doesn't know how to answer. *Why did she stay?* She had thought many times about reuniting with her sister and cousin when she lived alone in the mountains. She also thought of the possibility they could have died along the journey to Tsuon. She didn't want to risk the disappointment of setting out to find them, only to find they are long gone. The three girls sit around the campfire each consumed by their own thoughts.

Ada seems to have forgotten the question anyway, she asks, "You said you caught the fish down the river. If it's not far from here, I'll like to take a walk to it."

The river wasn't far, in fact you can here the waters from their camp site. Vio gave Ada directions, and the redhead took a thing log and make herself a torch from from the campfire. When it was just the sisters alone in the camp site, Sicili starts, "She's having a really hard time, losing Alan like that. I didn't know him well, but every time I see him he's always trying to make the people around him smile."

"Yea, he always saw the best in people too," Vio adds. "I wish, I can see the world like he does."

"Madame Juliette once told me that when people are gone, the best way to honor them is to become the light they've brought us. That way we'll always have part of them with us." Sicili says.

"Did she say that when Lessa was found dead?" Vio ask.

Sicili nods, a tear rolls down her cheek. Vio knows their cousin had become her defacto older sister when her own older sister fell down a ravine. "So what exactly was it you wanted to tell me about Lessa's killer? That it was Zaki?"

"Well Zaki was paid to kill her, he was in fact paid to kill us all," Vio throws a twig into the dwindling fire. "But then he couldn't go through with it once he got to know you. So he gave the guy his money back. I killed the guy who hired him to kill Lessa. Because even if Zaki was not involved, he would have hired someone else anyway."

"So our cousin isn't dead because of Zaki. But technically he still killed her." Sicili states. "I don't think, I can forgive him. And I know that's not a Lygeian thing to say..."

"We could have had the chance to avenge Lessa fully, if you would just let me," Vio says.

"Would that have made you happy?" Sicili ask.

Vio thinks about how Zaki had finally achieved retribution for the murder of his family. And yet he did not seem happy at all. "I don't think so."

"If we weren't in the middle of trying to escape, what would you have done to the people involved in Lessa's murder?" Sicili ask.

"I never thought that far ahead. All I wanted was to find out what happened to her, I never imagined what I would do once I recieved that information. Because I think part of me believed we'll never find out."

---

# Ada tries to contact Alan in the river

The river is calm in this segment; its water gentally following south. The water laps against some rocks, Ada can still see the reflection of the light sky on it tonight. The moon is a crescent waxing into a fullier bodied orb every night. She sits on  near a small cluster of daffodils. Looking into the river she checks for her own reflection. Her red hair tangled up from traveling, her braids starting to come lose. Black circles under her eyes, when she had not make up to cover them. "Hey, there I haven't seem you in a while," she says to her own reflection. "You look like a fucking mess. What would ma say?"

She pulls out her pendant from under the shirt. She squeezes the crystal between her fingers, the time an acorn falls into the river and sends out ripples. She looks at the ripples with glee, and angles her face to face the waters more directly. When the ripples fade out returning to her reflection, she shakes her head. Pressing out tears that stream down her face, becoming one with the river.

---

# Finds a town ruined by the war

By dusk next day they finally were close enough to a town to stay in night there. It was a small town about a day's from Ivonne. It used to be lumber refinery town, it supplied wood to Ivonne to make their musical instruments. Ada spoke of a time when came with her brother, "it's beautiful there, especially around the winter holidays. They use to have a street fair at night with a string quartet and the whole town smell of spice and firewood." As the got closer, the forest became thinner, and what was before tall evergreens, they came upon a black black ground, on it lay the charred corposes of trees. Against the peach and orange sky, this land looks almost like a silloette of a landscape, artistically rendered against the vibrant colors of a sunset.

When they finally arrive into town they find many of the houses and shoppes too had burnt down. Replaced with make-shift tin shacks and tents. As a town known for its lumber, most of the buildings were made of wood. So when the surrounding forest burnt, so did this town. The only two buildings still standing from before the fire is the town jail made of brick, and the church constructed from stone and cement. The does not smell as Ada had described, sure there was a hint of firewood, along with the salty bitterness of tears. 

Ada leads them to where she remembers the inn to be, instead now stands an empty pot of black land. "Well, we got into town. But I guess we'll still be camping tonight."

Even though mostly destroyed the townspeople were still trying to live their lives as is. The marketplace had groccers selling food from a blanket on the floor since their stalls are destroyed.

"What happened here?" Sicili ask a lady as she paid for some roasted chestnuts.

"The war between the Order and our military that's been going on for months, that the Ixan folk are too bubbled up to see," she say sneering. "The Order marched in here one day claiming this is now under their control. We didn't care much, whoever is our ruler it's business as usual. But when they blocked our cargo to Ivonne, the government sent few dozen troops in."

"They only cared for you if it effects Galei's one propserious region," Vio says looking down at her feet.


The lady continues, "on direct battle, our troops stood no chance against the hundreds of The Order's soldiers. So they decided to burn down their campsites, so they stood on that tower" she pointed to the bell tower on the church and shot flaming arrows down. Only some landed at their camp site, and some winded up back own here. They had to evacuate every one, and it's only been a fortnight since we were allowed to return."

"Since it's their fault, I'm sure you'll be getting aid soon," Ada reassures her.

The vendor lady laughs, "If the government isn't scrambling to find very last penny to build their military back up, then maybe. But for now, we're on our own."

They thank the lady for her story, and leaves a few extra dollars in additional to how much they paid for chestnuts.

As they sit around the camp fire that night, "I can't believe the war had progessed so far," Sicili says. "It took them years to take over Atonia."

"Well they were pretty small when Roderick had his sights set on Atonia." Vio explains bouncing her stick of food up and down. "Just any one of the city state's protectors could have taken down the whole Order's army. He had to destroy us through manipulation and scheming. Now that he's got so much land and soldiers, he can just roll in with force. I just never imagiend it would happen to Galei."

"Do you think he'll want the Northern Isles too?" Ada ask, because her grand mother is still in Wickshire, mocking the servants everytime they make a sheperd's pie wrong, and there was always something wrong with the pie every time.

"No, doubt." Vio says, "though its no where as lucrative as Hanon."

They finish their meal in silence, and lay on their blankets uneasy over different worries. The Order had taken so much from Vio, her family, then her adoptive family, and now when she finally can reunite with the remainder of her family, they might endanger that too. Was she foolish to think that just because Galei had a centralized government, it will be less vunerable to the High Priest's conquest? The Order had started by picking apart places with de-centralized powers. They let the city states of Atonia destroy themselves, before sweeping in to claim their prize. Then they killed or converted the mountain tribes one by one, until they've conquered the mountains. With the might of Atonian mercenaries, dedicated army made up of the most fierce fighters from the mountains, and Cellian's vast wealth, they can in fact take on a great nation like Galei. Vio does not want to take Sicili and run from the Order once again. They had been running their whole lives.

---

# Arrives in Ivonne

Ivonne is a city in most Northeastern city in Galei. Most of the city lays south of the _ river, with only the old royal palace being on the other side. Today the palace is just a museum and the royal hunting grounds a public park. Ivonne is one of the few territories in Galei that did not align with the church. Then again it is the only prosperous city in Galei after the decline of the weapons industry. Ivonne's export was not weapons, but instead musical instruments. The city housed many of the world's primier string instrument makers. Music filled the streets of Ivonne, every several blocks stands a violinist or someone playing the mandolin. Town squares had grand pianos in the center, and the royal palace museum had been retrofitted to accomodate for an organ.

Vio and Sicili around in awe, wondering if this is what Galeian cities at their peak looked like. All the citizens look well dress and feed. Ada explains that according to Adolf, who was born here that if you are at a risk of slipping into proverty, the mayor's office will pair you up with a new apprentenship so you may learn new skills. With the heavy employment of the adult population, there was enough tax revenue to provide housing and social engagement for the eldery.

They walk up a brick steps through an alley lined with holly berry trees. Vio knocks on a dark green door with a golden ringlet reaf on it. Gretchen opens, leaving Ixan and soften her, she's filled out slightly. Her honey blonde hair was tied up in a bun, she ware a cozy cashmere sweater. "So glad you guys made it safely," she greets each of them with a hug. "Helga made cookies. I'll tell her to brew some tea for you now."

Gretchen hangs their coats as they pass through the foyer. 

Sicili hands her a box of Nunan sweets from Ixan. "We didn't think that you would get them here."

"Yea, for a the things wonderful about this city, ethnic diversity is not one of them," Gretchen delighted accepts the gift.

"Thank you of letting us stay with you for a while," Vio says.

"No problem. It's a big house with just me and Helga," Gretchen says.

"Have you heard from your parents lately?" Vio ask.

"They've settled in the Northern Isles, and writes letters back occasionally," Gretchen says. "How is it going back in Ixan? It must be pretty chaotic since the assassination of the prime minster and his entire advisory board."

But Vio didn't need to answer that question. The television in the dining room broadcast news that Helga was watching.

The High Priest stands the top steps in front of city hall. Flanked by a dozen soldiers on each side, but Yule was not amongst one of them. "Your leaders have failed you. It allows citizens to starve, allows landlords to force people out into the streets. This country's laws have allowed contributing residents of this city to be called illegals if they don't have the right paper work. Hate crimes against minorities are afforded a blind eye by law enforcement." The crowd on the television set broke out in an angry cheer. "Under my kingdom, you are all citizens of this planet. The Prophet Lygeia, my mother, believes that ever citizen of this planet deserves a right to peace, to be treated with respect and dignity."

Helga mutes the television after noticing they are here. "Lies," she mutters and runs to give Vio a big hug.

"So I guess that's the plan for to take over Galei, to inspire a citizen uprising," Vio says after Helga.

After washing up and changing into fresh clothes from their travels, they are taken out by their hosts to the famous holiday markets of Ivonne.

> What do they see tha the fair? Something that makes Vio taking over the org make alot more sense.

Tipsy from mulled wine, the girls return home with red flushed cheeks. Gretchen plays a message on their answering machine, "Helga. It's _, we need all members of the organization to return to Ixan. Jacques decided to step down, so we need to figure out how to operate without him."

Vio freezes on her step, she wonders if this turn of evens has anything to do with finding out about Edgar's death. She and Helga looks at eachother and nods, they should talk. She sends her sister and Ada to prepare for bed upstairs. Gretchen pulls a bottle of vermouth from the parlour and invites the her partner and Vio to sit in the living room.

"Do they know you're also here?" Helga ask.

Vio shakes her head, "we didn't want to endanger you guys by telling anyone. But I guess they are expecting me as well."

"I don't want to leave you alone here," Helga tells Gretchen.

Gretchen reassures her, "I won't be alone. I'll have Sicili and Ada."

"It's just that Ada fully hasn't been herself lately," Vio says.

Helga drinks her shot in one quick gulp. "It's hard, she and Alan were always together. Imagine losing someone you've shared you whole life with in a sudden." She and Alan were good friends when they worked in the bureau of enforcement together.

"I'm sure, she just needs time," Gretche says. "Now how long do you think you'll be gone?"

"I don't know, maybe a week until they've got it all sorted out again," Helga takes Gretchen's hands. "I promise to return as soon as I can."

Gretchen starts crying, "I know you need to go. But with the country is such a mess, I worry something will happen along the way."

"I promise to not let that happen," Helga takes Gretchen's other hands and they look into eachothers eyes.

Vio decides to give the couple some privacy and heads upstairs to prepare for bed.

---

# Ada breaks all mirrors

Ada presses the communication button on her necklace. The gem flashes a light, and the mirror she is looking into clears, she looks hopeful, but the mirror only returns to the same room she is in, except there is no Ada in the reflection, just the room. No one in the mirror, not Alan nor herself reflected in the mirror.

"Alan," she whispers. "Where are you?" Tears swells up in the eyes. "Alan" As her own reflection fades back in, she tries again. Same, only just her bedroom without her own reflection. 

"I know you're there?!" Ada bangs her first on the mirror. "Come out!" She hits the mirror harder. Again and again she calls out for the brother, the other half of the reflection is gone. Now not even her own reflection is visible. She pleadges and bargains with the mirror with such violent force, it shatters upon her fist.

Vio walks in, "Yi Han?" Ada calls. She comes into the guest room to find all the mirrors of the place shattered on the ground. Ada in the middle of it all, cuts etched in her arms, legs, and face. Blood and tears converging in a stream, as the red hair girl lies there heaving in her mourning gown.

---

# Alan gets cyborged

Bright surgical lights scorch down. The smell of anticeptic sting the air, mixed with the metallic of blood and sugrical tools. The clang of those tools hitting metal tray rings, sounder than they should. Their ring vibrates and shakes one's body. 

"Just one few more adjustments and you'll be a good as new," says a familiar voice. 

'*Who is it? Someone I haven't heard from in a long time.*' From the left approaches a doctor, the sound of his step is uniquely distinct, one beat is the sole of a loafer, the second beat rings of metal scrapping on a surface. The face of their biology professor, Pietre, emerge, a face they haven't seen since they left Chundu's Academy for the Gifted.

Pietre smiles wide revealing a row with very other teeth a golden replacement. Then again his real teeth is so yellow, you can barely tell which ones are fake. "No, time no see, Alan Hart."

---

# Vio and Helga returns to Ixan 

After finding Ada, Vio calls for Sicili who came her aid. Sicili had a lot of experience bandaging wounds for her own sister, when she returned from missions injuried. They made Ada drink some calming tea to put her to sleep.

"I think, I should stay up to watch her." Sicili says, "Just in case she tries something stupid again."

Vio nods, "sounds good. But you had a long journey too. You should rest. I can stand watch too."

"I have many days ahead to do so," Sicili says. "But you are travelling again tomorrow. This probably means, I won't be awake to say goodbye tomorrow."

"I guess this is it," Vio stands holding her sister's hand tight.

Sicili pulls Vio in for a hug, "stay safe."

The next morning, Helga and Vio rents two horses. This time, they won't be travelling by carriage for the trip is faster just on horseback. Vio looks into the hooded eyes of the steed Helga chosen for her, he looked so much like the pony she had growing up. The horse Helga is riding on has a mane the same honey gold as Gretchen's hair. Gretchen gives Helga a long kiss, and whispers something to make the taller girl laugh. Helga finally climbs on her horse.

"Ready?" Vio confirms.

"The world doens't wait for ready," Helga says with a determined smile.

They ride into the cluster of trees beyond the city limits.

----

# Vio ascends to lead the org

When Helga and Vio arrived at the organization head quarters it was filled with people they haven't seen for months. Vio runs up to Rein.

"Hey," he laughs picking her up. "Weird circumstances, eh?"

"So Jacques is really...?" Vio ask.

"Yea. He's down in the control room if you want to see him," Rein says. They ride the elevator down to the lowest level where the control room is stationed. Neither of them were prepared to find their previous boss crunched over a panel, mouth opened eyes wide. Rein walks up to the body, and takes a vial from Jacques hands that hovers over it in a close grip. "Butterfly poison," he informs Vio holding up the vial. "What should we do?"

"What can we do?" Vio says looking out from the windows of the control room, up into the organization this man had built. He had a dream, he want to prevent the country he love from collapsing under greedy business owners, who were more interested in saving themselves than the country. He want to unveil the hypocrycy of the government slogan, of welcoming refugees from aboard only to treat them like second class citizens. But most of all, he wanted to free his long lost friend, from the circle of influence corrupting him. For Jacques the mission was always personal. But when he discovered the friend he had been trying to save for years is long gone. What is the point of going on? For Vio Alighieri, she still had people she loved, a future world she's dream, but never had hope of being able to make reality. But this world is built upon people's dreams, dreams half made, dreams with conflicting visions. But dreams all the same. If you live for a dream, then you will always have purpose for living because dreams can never be taken away. For they will never be quiet realized. When something gets taken away from you, what can you do "But carry on."

She takes a microphone from his desk, and steps back into the elevator. As she acends, she speaks and everyone present in the headquarters turn to watch. "Jacques _ be dead, but we each joined this organization because we believed Galei can be made a better place. Right, now our country is on the cusp of a civil war. And many of you are refugees from homelands The Order has shredded apart. They will not bring us peace. If we want peace me must stand for it. We must reform our government, and free lands taken over by The Order. Together we shall form alliances and stand strong together."
