How does Yule struggle with Rod and disillusionment with the org?

Who is Yule? Why did the convert when the Church came to his tribe? Lawful Good. He genuinely believes that through unity there will be peace, their tribe was forced out of their land by another tribe. Like Antonia Ixan's highlands are plagued with constant war between small factions. His father was the chief who was killed by the tribe that displaced them. He was only 15, and Erik 10 when they met Ace (11). 

When the church game to the tribe's new settlement, he's 18. 

What makes Roderick tick? Why did he decided to use his religion to start a crusade. Similar to Yule, while touring with is mother he sees that so much suffering is caused by warring factions. That there will be less suffering if people collaborated rather than fought. But was he collected power, he became addicted to the power. What causes people to be addicted to power? Control in a chaotic world.

Yule brings up what will happen to the people who got displaced by the new cathedral, Rod shows little concern over the wellfare of the people they displaced and is more focused on military strategy of setting up promienice in Galei.

---

Ace is a character perpetually displaced, and she starts of this story with a detachment. "Nothing is worth fighting for" Her evolution in Part I is about her learning to care. By taking leadership of the org, she is saying "No Galei is my home, it is a wonderful land that welcomes people of all cultures and is worth defending."

