# Lessons Learned from Rise of Skywalker & Sequel Triology

TROS has was too focused on what having things happen. This happens then that happens, it leaves little time for emotional beats to be felt.

Introduced too many new characters when they should have spent more time developing existing characters

Did not prioritize A plots and B plots

Same with character arcs

Pacing is awkward FoA was slow-midpaced. tLJ was slow placed. tRoS was too fast paced

# How can Ace do better?

## Character prioritization

- Protagonist
  - Ace
  - Zaki
  - Yule
- Primary Characters
  - Alan
  - Jacques
  - Roderick
- Secondary Characters
  - Sicili
  - Ada
  - YiHan
  - Edgar
  - Helga
  - Gretchen



## Focus on character arcs first

Then derive the story from those themes.

What are the things that has to happen to take the character on their journey?

### Ace

Journey: Coming into her own power & taking leadership and responsibility of the world she is in

Story: 

	- seeing the people she care about getting caught in larger plots
	- 

### Zaki

Journey: Forgiveness, Letting go of ideas. Letting go ~ maybe Zaki's journey is one of grief

Story: Zaki wants to get close to Edgar to kill him and the rest of the council. Zaki hell bent on revenge, starts to lighten up with the influence of the sisters. When Sicili finds out he's been stalking her, she tells him to stay away. Instead of letting go, he holds on tighter, believing that to win the Alighieri's sisters back, he has to win the war, and bring the peace they have long for seeked.

### Alan

Journey: Learning that other people may have different values, and they are just as valid as his.

Story: Delay getting fire from the gov. instead of getting kidnapped, he gets fired and sent to a labor camp. As a result Ada and Yihan quits and join the org.

His arc is mostly in the Madame Juliette chapter, for the most part he is a flat character. Always cheerful and optimistic. 

### Yule

Journey: Means matter on the journey towards an end

Story: 

Unlike Zaki who approaches things with rage, Yule is careful planning. What does Yule want? To end all tribal warfare by unification. Because of the Church's success in Atonia and Nuna, he really does belief that people across different cultures can unite under one faith. He truly belief that it will be the unifying thread to allow people to have empathy for one another.



### Ace and Zaki

They play off each other. Zaki makes Ace **take action**. Ace helps Zaki **move on**.



### Ada

While she too like Alan needs to get over the privileged view of the world, her transformation arc is not about that. Since her arc is a corruption arc, we want to focus on her good qualities, and how tragedy can lead her to lose sight of that.

Journey: Ada believes that her actions matter, that she can fight to make change. She is confident in herself. If she is like Blair Waldorf, what are her insecurities? That she no matter how much effort, will stand in her brother's shadow because he is a boy? 

Until Alan disappears, their time together is spent showing how they are very supportive of each other, and push each other. Rivalry and care. What if we made he reason for his kidnapping be her activism? And she knows it, that if she hadn't been so loud that he would not have been taken. She blames herself.

Feeling helpless in her ability to make a better world without endangering those around her, she turns to a live of hedonism.



