# 7:

Editor's Notes:

> 

---

Should we checkin with Vio to see how she is doing?
Most of this chapter is passive, characters are just responding to events happening to them. What do each character wants and how will they go about achieving it?

Yule wants to change the Order from within, whatever he does end up getting Sicili captured by the gov. Maybe she agress to help him and in implicating herself, the gov arrests her for being undocumented.

Alan wants Adolf back, maybe uses rescuing Sicili as a excuse to see him again.

Zaki wants to get closer to Edgar so he can kill him

Vio wants to forget that she feel for Zaki. How does she go about it? By immersing herself in work. Maybe we learn more about what the org does and why they exist.

Now how do we weave all these character's wants together?

## Plot A: Yule trying to take a better leadership role and steer the Order to the path of Lygeia

### What could he do?

What is something that will get Sicili involved and also the attention of the gov?

#### Help close churches

- Give funnel Order resources
  - The reason the cathedral was able to remain open is because they had a militia, command troops to guard local churches.
- Allow them to hold service in the Catherdral



## Plot B: Harts are about to get arrested by the gov



## Plot C: Zaki tries to get close to Edgar



## Plot D: Vio gets absorbed in her work



---



---

> Rest of this chapter will be Yule trying to regain his previous position back
>
> Yule walks out to find Sicili still cleaning



---

She wore nothing but a necklace, it was in the form of a bull. When she pressed into it's nose ring, it's horns formed a spark between them. She uses it to light her cigrette, and offers the pack to Adolf. He turns the offer down, getting up from the bed.

"You seem distracted today," she notes.

"Sorry, Liane. I'll be more present next time. If you want, I'll charge tonight at a discount," says Adolf.

"That's not what I mean, you still gave me what I wanted and more," she winks. Walking up to him, "I'm just concerned, like a mother would be." She is old enough to be his mother after all.

They had known eachother for almost a year, and she's started becoming a regular client of his aobut give months ago. Ever since he and Alan broke up, he's been a little off his game at work. He tells himself that it will be okay over time. Historically, he know he'll eventually get over it. But his heart refuses to acknowledge what his mind knows. Knowing doesn't make him hurt any less. It's been such a long time since he had a boyfriend before Alan came along. For as many men as he is intimate with, he is surprisingly dry in the romantic department. In his line of work, fidning a man or woman who will actually want a relationship with him is rare. They all think they can just take what they need from him and return back to their normal lives as if nothing had happened. He never thought he might be able to find that person until Alan came alone. Alan had introduced him to his sister and friend, he thought that was a sign that he would want Adolf integrated into his life. But he could only enter into Alan's life if he changed who he is, or became the boy Alan would want to bring home to his fancy parties, a rising violinist, that and nothing else. But Adolf was more than that. Turns out Alan was just another guy with a hero complex, trying to "save him", to make him into someone else, not a whore, not fully himself. 

Adolf was about to tell Liane about Alan, but it is not professional to reveal your personal life to your clients. No matter how much she did make him feel comfortable and safe, she was still a John. Instead he smileds and says, "I am nervous about an audition coming up."

"Where are you auditioning? I have a few friends at the Metropolian Orchestra. They can put in a good word for you," she suggests.

"It's a small string quartet on the east side," he replies knowing she doesn't know a soul east of the river. "But thank you for offering." He heads towards the bathroom to wash off.

When Adolf returns, he finds Liane on the telephone. She takes a long drag of her cigarette. "How early?" The person on the other end mutters soemthing he cannot hear. "Tonight? Why?"

Adolf starts gathering his clothes.

"That makes sense, well if that is what the council needs," she says. "Will you be back by dinner? I can have Farah make extra food."

After hanging up the phone, she announces "my husband is coming back tonight!"

Of course Adolf had decuded that from hearing her side of the phone conversation. But instead he acts surprised, "tonight?! You said he'll be gone for weeks."

"That is what he thought too," Liane says. "But apparently the executive council needs him back to audit a security research group. They suspect that they've been using government resources to pass information to terrorist. I'm not surprised. That entire team is made up of foreigners. That's what you get for given way our jobs to them. Meanwhile there are so many Galieans unemployeed since the crash of the weapons industry."

Uncertain how to respond to his client's racist comment, he just agrees.

She continues, "national security risk, that's what you get when you let Northern Islanders and an oriental hacker sinto your countries private data banks."

Adolf realise who are the people she is talking about, and quickly finishes getting dressed. "Since your husband is coming back, I better get going." 

She sends him off with an envelope from her nightstand, "full payment. Good luck on your audition."

---

Alan walks home from work with Yi Han. He had been taking a different route home now to avoid the spot where Adolf normally plays the violin. Other than the change in route everything has gone back to the way it was before meeting him. Ada says, when getting over someone it is important to stick to a routine. Go through the motions and keep yourself busy. Yi Han assures him that one day he will wake up having forgotten all about Adolf. Alan knows that day won't be coming soon, because everything he goes to sleep crying. In the morning he wakes up wondering how Adolf must have spent his night. With knowing so many people, he must be having more fun getting over him.

"What do you think?" Yi Han asks.

Alan has no idea what Yi Han had been taking about, but answers "Yes, of course."

"You think Varin has aligned themselves with The Order?" Yi Han says.

"What?! I though their priest hated the Order," says Alan confused.

"They how did the entire special task force get decimated, if the Order didn't send their army over?" ask Yi Han. "Their police are not match of von Essen's guys."

"Can't we get someone to tell us what happened that day?" ask Alan.

"The people in the town are not responding to the federal government, since we basically abandoned them when their factories cloed down." Yi Han reminds him.

"If aid is what they want, we can promise to send more resources their way. Then many we can encourage someone to step up and talk," Alan suggests.

"But how long will that trust will last? We can't bribe every town into being loyal to Ixan." says Yi Han. 

> Talks about the latest mysteries the gov has been dealing with. Yihan thinks they may be desperate enough to look for scapegoats to show citizens they know how to handle things.
>
> Maybe it is Yihan who is going to be in denial of this happening instead of Alan.

"Why not? If we can give each province allied with The Order what they want, then we can get them back on your side again. And we can work together as a nation to discharge The Order from Galei." says Alan optimistically.

Yi Han explains, "even if we manage to get The Order out of Galei, we would only be doing so by putting a bandaid on their problems. The reason The Order was able to get our territories to allow them to take over is because they've been struggling for years. And the officials in Ixan have just been willfully ignoring them. `show homeless encampment` If Edgar does not provide long term solutions, then another invasion waiting to happen. Treason doesn't happen because territories decide to be rebels, they must have something surmountable to gain from it."

"What would be a long term solution then?" ask Alan as they get into the lift.

Yi Han thinks for a while, when they finally get to the front door to the Hart's flat, he says "I don't know. Maybe the government too corrupt to fix Galei. Maybe can talk to your parents about returning to Chundu?"

"Do you miss your homeland?" Alan ask.

"Not really, my brother was all I had there. And after he died, there was not much left for me. So I came here with you guys," Yi han explains. "But the political climate here seems unfavorable too. Maybe I can return to the Northern Isle with you guys."

Alan was unwilling to give up on this land so easily. There had to be something that can be done to restore this country to it's previous glory. He certainly did not want to return to a backwards country like Wickshire, where loving another man is subject to jail time. They had to find some way to fix Galei. Afterall they weren't nobodies, they are on the country's security research team. They had to find a way. maybe Ada will have an idea. She was already home when they got inside, but she wasn't alone. On their dining table sat a face Alan took great lengths to avoid yet longed to see every night.

"Adolf," Alan drops his work bag to the ground. Trying to hold back so much as he stood at the doorway. "You came back."

"No," says Adolf. "I didn't come to talk to about us, just about you." Alan looks confused. "And maybe your sister and friend," Adolf continues. Alan gives Ada a questioning look.

"He said, it might be best to tell us while we are all here." Ada explains

Adolf explains to them what he overheard from one of his clients, and thinks their own employeer might be investigating them.

"I mean, it's not untrue," says Ada. "We have been using our access to help Helga and Vio."

"And according to the government they belong to a terrorist organization," Yi han adds. "So we have been aiding terrorist activity."

"This is ridiculous!" Alan exclaims. "Who are they going to hire if they fire us?!"

"That might be it for our group for now," says Yi Han. "With several territories loyal to the church, I'd imagine Edgar doesn't want to risk any other sudden turners. Or maybe we are the scapegoat, they can blame the unclaimed terrorist attacks on."

"But they can't just..." Ada starts.

"Yes, they can" Adolf says. "Galei didn't become a lawful and efficient country by good morals. There was a time when it's laws were strictly enforced, and anyone suspicious of reason disappeared. Our glory came at the sacrifice of those who was silenced forever."

Alan still shaking his head in disbelief. "They wouldn't. Even if we were found guilty, what will they do but fire or deport us?"

"Look, I don't know what they will do to you guys after investigation. But I urge you to leave before you find out," suggest Adolf.

"Will you come with us?" ask Alan.

"Once again, I did not come here for a us. I came because I feel responsible to at least give you a warning," Adolf says getting up from his seat.

"Thank you for telling us," Ada says.

Adolf nods and wishes the three good luck as he leaves their flat.

---

This morning they took their regular route to work. It seems that Adolf too is going to take great lengths to avoid Alan, so Ada suggest he might have moved the street where he plays violin. To Alan's disappointment she was right, when they passed the street he normally plays in it was devoid of music. He secretly hope he will be able to steal a few glances at the man he let slip through his fingers like grains of sand too many times. They walk into the control room to find a handful of people already there. Since the three of them were the only people who had access to this room, they were surprised.

A few sat at their workstations, extracting data into large square tapes. Others inspected their office like it's the sight of a crime scene.

"Did something happen in my office last night?" Ada ask one of the men.

He turns to her and mutters something in his communication radio. Ignoring her question he resumes transferring data from her workstation. Then suddenly heavily armed men stepped into the room and cuffs Alan. One of them announces, "Alan Hart, Adeline Hart, and Han Yi are under arrest for..."

But before he got to finish Ada yelps, when Yi Han pulls her to his chest with one arm and pulls out his gun with the other pointing the barrel at her head. Everyone in the room's attention turns to them.

"What are you..." Alan starts.

Yi Han ignores him and address the man who announced their arrest. "Even if they are found guilty, the most you can do is deport them. Afterall, they are not Galeian citizens. In fact they are heirs to the noble Hart family in Wickshire."

"And your point?"

"There parents will not be forgiving if any harm was to come to their daughter." Yi han continues. He wiggles the gun on Ada's head, "this? Is government issued, just like yours. If I pull the trigger, the autopsy report will say she died under your hands."

Ada finally realizes what he's playing at, and let's out an internal sigh of relieve. But she knew she had to appear scared, to make it seem like a real possibility that Yihan will pull the trigger.

"Let us go, or else you'll have the Norther Isles decending upon Galei. And I believe with the Order's occupation, you've got enough on your hands right now," Yi han demans.

The officier uncuffs Alan, Yihan is still holding on to Ada as they back away from the place they've spent their past _ years in. He finally releases her when they get out of the facility. Ada carress the part of her collarbone where Yi han had pressed on too hard.

Alan walks up to his friend and punches him. Yi han falls over, his glasses breaking on the concrete floor. Alan kneels to grab him by te collar. In an unusual low tone, he says "Don't you dare ever to use her as a bargaining chip again."

---

