It has been years since Vivara had seen another human being. Since she's been separated from her sister and cousin the night she lived in a cave in the forest alone. She would have never guessed the snare skills uncle _ had taught her became her lifeline for surviving. In these mountains paths are narrow, and inclines steep. Traveler prefer to take the valleys. Vivara peered at the rather lengthy caravan of travelers through the evergreens. Renzo, a wild dog she had befriend sometime back started to growl. Renzo and Eleonora, her hunting raven has been the only living creatures she kept company. Ever since she was a child, she had always found comfort in the company of animals. Her family kept guard dogs of course. She and Sicili would sneak out during her parent's parties, when Vivara got overwhelmed by the guest to play with them. Then the night when her family's estate got raided, all thirteen of the hounds were found near the stables, each baring multiple gunshot wounds, all dead. In all the eleven years of her life, they had been her only true friends. She loved Sicili, but she was always something Vivara had to protect. But with her dogs, they were different, their connection was mutual. She felt that they had understood eachother in ways that were beyond the boundaries of what words can be described. Sicili had always been a lady of words, she always knew how to phrase her feelings eloquently. Despite what Lesbia saids about Vivara being robotic, Vivara had always felt too much. But her feelings can't be encapulsated in words, or any other forms of expression understandable by other humans, thus she was prone to random fits of tears, and bouts of rage.

 Vivara calculated her odds, if she was to raid this caravan group. It was a congression of eight carriages, each lead by a white horse (uncommon in this mountain rage). They did not appear to be heavily armed; and the last two carriages had cargo. She figured if she was to attach she should jump down when the fifth carriage comes up, if she lands on top of it she can have the upperhand. She motioned Renzo to hold off, as she mounted an arrow to her handmade bow.

 Arrow flies down, the driver from the 3rd carriage looks back. Vivara jumps but instead of landing on the fifth carriage she tumbles off its edge falls to the edge. "Halt!" a voice from the carriage she collided with calls. The entire congression stops.

 > (TODO write attack scene) Actually she should put up a good fight scene

 From the carriage comes out a boy about Vivara's age, followed by a tall older man. The boy is wearing an amoured breast plate and breeches; his companion the older man is in a long white robe that matched the horses' majestic mane.
 The boy held the tip of his sword to her neck. Regret and shame overcame Vivara, she can't believe she had been so stupid to attempt to attack this party. She hadn't fought with humans in years. Her biggest opponent had be mountain lions and jackals, and they've long ago stop being a challenge for her. What did her uncle say? The moment you can win on a consistent basis, is the moment you will lose sooner or later.
 The man in the robe walked up next to the boy, "Is the rest of your crew coming to back you up?"

 It took Vivara a long moment to realize he was addressing her. Had she forgotten how to talk? She shook her head.
 Then he followed up with, "you must be hungry". She nodded and finally blurted "yes, I am" in a mechanical atonal mumble, even though he had not asked her a question.
